Toasty hang times

Fronds,

It’s dang warm. Let’s hang out. We’s gon’ make chicken and fish, and maybe sumpum on the side. I’m a teensy bit busy twerkin’ it right now, so this will have to suffice for this week’s email. However, there will be mystery guests this eve, so hopefully we see y’allitude in a few hours! Please feel free to bring veggies, salad stuff, dranks, n’ whatever else.

On a side note, there is a chance Rach and Matt will do a takeover next Monday (6/25) and make frito pie! She wanted me to warn peeps, as it may be on the slightly spicy side. So if you have a gentle constitution, please prepare accordingly. I’ll let her clarify any issues beyond that.

Distracted smewches,
Lissendaff



Aw, honey, I know, I know, times have changed.

Oh, me deary dearies,

What a day, huh? A pall settled over us this morning, seeking to drown us, and if unsuccessful in that endeavor, then trying to wear us down, slowly but surely, both emotionally and, as the master eroder it is, physically. Will we let it succeed? Will we be reduced to nothing, erased from the histories, and referred to only obliquely in the myths handed down to someone else’s children’s children’s children as a way to scare those mouthy little cretins and keep them from acting up all the time? While that may be our fate regardless, I will not dissolve into it willingly. Instead, let us band together, and shore up our collective will with the sandbags of friendship! The best way I can think of to do this is to eat a bunch of food, so let’s do that. We’re gonna make some pork tenderloin and prolly some feesh. Please feel free to bring sides, salad, snacks, dranks or whatever feels good. I look forward to seeing you all, and hopefully we can buoy each other’s spirits against the gloom above.

I want to breathe in the open wind
I want to kiss like lovers do
I want to dive into your ocean
Is it raining with you,

Lissendaff



The Girl with Kaleidoscope Eyes

Friends,

I feel like we’ve been drifting apart for a little while now. None of the usual remedies are working. Admit, we’re not having a laugh like we used to. It’s like we’re all too tightly wound up and closed off. I know I’ve said this before, but I think I have a new fad we can try out that’ll really shake up the routine, you know? And Karen, before you even say it, the destination dinner parties WERE a good idea, and you loved them at first, but yes, they did become tiresome after a while. The change in scenery did lower our barriers for a bit, but the planning became such a drain that we couldn’t enjoy the meals or each other’s company. But this is so much better, and so much easier. It’s called brieing. All we have to do is crush up MDMA and stuff it into brie, and then scarf down a whole bunch. In like 40 minutes, we’ll finally be able to open up and discuss our emotions like we all want to deep down, but can’t seem to bring ourselves to. Colors will become more vivid, massages will feel fucking awesome, and we can all describe our craziest sexual fantasies, and I’m sure there will be absolutely no emotional fallout from this. Oh, I can’t wait! I called my son, and he confirmed that you eat the MDMA, you don’t snort it, which I sort of default to since the only drugs I’ve ever done is about a horseload of coke during graduate school, right, girls? Cindy knows what I’m talkin’ about. So thank god I called him first. The last thing I want is a Pulp Fiction type situation where I’m carting one of you crazy bitches to my old pusher to inject your heart with adrenaline, while you sing the song Aquarius with a nosebleed and a thousand-yard stare. Anyways, brie is great, and from what I hear, MDMA is really going to enhance our discussion and take our friendship to the next level. So see ya tonight, gals, and get ready to open your mind and your heart, and try to avoid the sickening depression that settles in after using MDMA for a while.

So come on over this eventime! We’re gonna grill up some stuff, most likely chicken and feesh. If peeps can bring salad and/or grillable veggies, that would be fantastic. It also appears to be a lovely day, so some outside hangage seems like a distinct possibility.

May all your brie be stank, and your high be dank,
We will continue to be,
Forever and always,
Enablingly yours,
Lissendaff



Well, you told me I have a plethora, and I just would like to know if you know what a plethora is. I would not like to think that a person would tell someone he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has no idea what it means to have a plethora.

Amigos, amigos, amigos,

I hope that everyone had a wonderful weekend, and that all of both your and your mother’s hopes and dreams came true. Shockingly, it appears quite possible that we have turned the corner on dastardly weather. This afternoon has been downright pleasant and I was even able to enjoy that in the few precious moments I took to do a couple laps around the building I work in, which is the best way to enjoy a beautiful afternoon. To fully experience the paving of paradise, and feeling the solidity of human achievement under your feet. In order to be festive, we’re gonna make some taco and burrito stuff! Can you even imagine?? I, quite honestly, cannot. Therefore I will need you to come to my house and narrate what happens, doing your best to convince me everything that is happening is real. Maybe we can hang outside a lil bit, too. We’ll see, I s’pose.

Blue shadows on the trail,
Soft wind blowin’ through the trees above,
Little cowboy, close your eyes and dream,
Lissendaff



Nie sme pirati!

Bing bang digga rigga dong,

And yea, it has come to pass that our very own Prodigal Son has returned. As we all know, many years ago, he took leave of the warmth and safety that comes along with a tightly knit friend group embedded within a furnace of cultural abundance and used that cachet to strike out and live a wild life on the Midwestern frontier. While he has yet to squander all of his wealth whilst leading his wanton and outrageous lifestyle deep in the clogged arteries nearest the heart of America, he, much like his predecessor of parable fame, has realized he has sinned against us and against our coastal elite god. He is returning to repent his choice of turning his back on his liberal past to be subsumed into a world where college athletes are not named Rusty Cockring or Ebenezer Coli, and a state where one’s vote might actually matter. But before he can prostrate himself before us and admit the folly of his ways, we must fetch him the finest cloaks and rings, and restore him to the luxurious, nigh-aristocratic, ivory tower lifestyle that we snowflake SJWs take for granted. We will play music and rejoice, and kill the fatted calf in his honor! Do not be like the older brother of the parable, envious of the immediate forgiveness given and welcoming back into the fold. We are not owed more, regardless of our slavish devotion to these ideals and his utter disregard for them. He was lost, but now has been found. We can all celebrate and be glad, until he once again turns tail and pursues optimal mental and and physical performance through biohacks and macramé.

So before that inevitably happens, let us gather together and eat and drink and dance and sing and ring in the new with our long lost TTT. We will make a bunch of food, the substance of which we are still in the process of determining, and hang out with all you lovely people. Feel free to bring drinkage, snackage, and any other –ages you deem fit. Adages are also welcome. Tom hugs are mandatory. 

We gotta have it made,
You know that I love cake,
Finally it’s time to make a cake,
Lissendaff



Show a man John Wick, and you have provided enough entertainment for a lifetime. Teach a man to John Wick, and he'll probably get to meet Ian McShane, and that's all anybody really wants.

Dearest fronds,

Oh, the weather outside is frightful, but the temperature isn’t too bad, so a fire isn’t really necessary, though they are still delightful. Sadly, we don’t have a fireplace in our home, and it’s a little wet for the fire pit. Maybe another Monday sometime soon. But if you still want someplace to go, Lissendaff’s, Lissendaff’s, Lissendaff’s. And yes, when we finally kiss goodnight, you will hate going out in the storm, though it should be done then. But, either way, we’ll hold each other tight, so that all the way home you’ll be warm. We’ll also keep you warm by making some squash soup, some type of protein, and some type of grain. Feel free to bring any salads, sides, or other ish you may want to eat. I look forward to seeing you all this eve.

Standing atop an unwavering beacon of hope and friendship, 
We remain, 
Forever and always, 
Lissendaff



On this day in 1759, British forces seized Basse-Terre and Guadaloupe from France. Coincidence? I think not.

Hellew friendos,

What to say? I think we should hang out this evening. Maybe we can discuss various topics that spark our mutual interest. If not, we can sit silently and not break eye contact. If I break eye contact first, I will expose my belly to show the proper respect to the alpha. Afterward, we can have some squash risotto and maybe some sausages. If you would like to bring something, salad ish would prolly be nice and good. Dranks n’ snacks are always welcome, of course.

You want thingamabobs?
Too bad,
Lissendaff



You pull back the curtain, and the sun burns into your eyes. You watch a plane flying across a clear blue sky...until you see the chemtrails behind it, and you know, this is the day your life will surely change. This is the day when things fall into place.

I have finally pierced the veil that lays over all we see and experience. The world we walk through every day is quite simply a simulacrum, a system put in place to make sure we all march along in a nice, orderly fashion, never questioning and simply providing energy and labor for those truly in power. Of late, the northeast has not been particularly compliant, which is why those in power have punished us with a seemingly unending winter. Clearly, the shadowy figures pulling the strings also do not care for long distance runners, probably because that shit is cray. Regardless, the long night may be over. Finally, after years of searching and investigating and reading and asking the correct questions and seeing clues where others couldn’t possibly see clues and never believing for a second that the world could be run by large communities of people that find common ties in order to better their lives and the lives of those around them by forming governments to regulate various aspects of the economy and how people interact with other people within that community and other large communities and their constituents and that the delicate balance of these interactions is what drives world politics and economics, but instead perceiving the truth and understanding at the deepest levels of my consciousness that a small cabal of ultra-powerful figures from all over the world are pulling at tiny, almost imperceptible strings, causing all that occurs in the world at all times.

While this is obvious to a few of us, and a very small few at that, we are looked at as “interesting,” or “a little off, but fun in small doses,” or “hot, but in a quirky way,” or “barely holding on to the last few threads of reality, but is still really nice; like, he would pick you up at the airport or help you move, but he’d prolly talk your ear off about some weird shit and may invite you over to see his ‘Truth Wall,’ which you definitely SHOULD NOT do,” rather than “visionary,” “brilliant,” or “the iconoclast that will recreate the world into the vision the sheep are too afraid to see, and I’m just trying to let you in on the ground floor so you’ll be safe and rule by my side.” Ears regardless, I have done it. At long last, after what feels like multiple lifetimes of constant struggle, I have been handed the ultimate opportunity. The Illuminati have reached out to me, and I will obviously be seeking to join their ranks. Know that I do this not to abandon you, but instead to lift all of you up in the most effective way possible. Below is my complete invitation, which was received today. I know what you’re thinking, “Stupid Dave, I can just email them and then I’LL be the one in power, and they’ll hate Dave for carelessly spreading this information when they’ve spent quite literally all of recorded history trying not to be uncovered or even talked about.” Well, dummy, think about it. They already know and control EVERYTHING, and they’ve reached out to me, by email, knowing that I write annoyingly long emails EVERY MONDAY, so of course they knew I would include this, and that you guys will simply ignore this straightforward invitation, thinking it’s some sort of scam. Soooooo, not so worried over here.

However, because this “recruitment scheme” lasts until May, I doubt they will send a stealth zeppelin to pick me up by this eventime, so we will have our usual Monday hangs. In order to keep all you cloudy-brained plebes fat and happy, we will be making pulled pork, mac n’ chee, and slaw. If you prefer other sides and/or snacks, please feel free to bring them. Bewze is also most welcome, as is custom. I can’t wait to see you all, for what may be one of the last times (until my mysterious disappearance, which you’ll explain away and put out of your mind).

Yours forever,
Until we become the masters of the universe we have always been destined to be,
Lissendaff

P.S. As promised, my cordial invite to the Illuminati, in its entirety:

“Greetings, from The illuminati world elite empire. Bringing the poor, the needy and the talented to limelight of fame, riches, powers and security, get recognized in your business, political race, rise to the top in whatever you do, be protected spiritually and physically! All these you will achieve in a twinkle of an eye when you get initiated to the great Illuminati empire. Once you are initiated to the illuminati empire you will get numerous benefits and reward.

Note: that this message was created solely for the purpose of our recruitment scheme which will end next month and this offer is for unique ones only, if you are not serious on joining the illuminati empire, then you are advise not to contact us at all. This is because disloyalty is highly not tolerated here in our organization.

Do you agree to be a member of the illuminati new world order? If YES! then kindly reply us back on our direct recruitment email only at: infoilluminati@qq.com

Please note, Kindly make sure all your respond/reply are send directly to the email stated above only at:> infoilluminati@qq.com 

For more instructions on our membership process.

The Illuminati.”

Seems legit.



'Til the night closes in

Hallew hombreciciaos,

Has it truly been so long since we last saw one another? I shudder to think upon it at all, but it must be so, as the flame of our platonic love has dwindled to a tiny glowing ember, struggling to remain lit among the cooling embers around it. But continue on it does, as no distance or time will ever snuff it out. Despite the constancy of my warm feelings toward you, it is nice to rekindle and ignite the flame of our affinity for one another every now and again. I can think of no better means than by covering our mutual admiration in delectable foodstuffs and taking the bellows of good conversation to supercharge and transform the smoldering, sighing ember into a raging inferno of conviviality! As the weather continues to remind us that “spring” is a meaningless term we simply use to define approximately one-fourth of the time we smart and hot monkeys revolve around the sun and that assuming the shifting tilt of our planet means we should receive some semblance of the mythical time of rebirth and renewal we’ve been promised in books and talkie pitchas is a fool’s errand, we will look to warm your gullet with a hearty vegetable lasagna with meat sauce on das side, while the pulsating ardor of friendship buoys you with a comfort and overwhelming sense of belonging unknown since the womb. I think that’s a reasonable bar to set and I believe we can exceed it. So if anybody wants to bring stuff, bread is always tasty and good, or more veggies if you’re into that sort of thing. Bewze n’ snacks are also always welcome, of course.

I wanna kiss you all over,
And over and again,
Lissendaff



Blessed are the ravenous, for they shall devour the Earth.

Heeltoe me dearies,

I hope that everyone had wonderful holiday weekends, whether you were celebrating babies not dying or one dude dying or the birth of the seventh avatar of Vishnu, which are all excellent reasons to fast and feast at various times throughout the weekend. If you chose not to celebrate anything, I hope you had a relaxing weekend and ate a lot of food anyway. In order to keep that going, we’re gonna make a whole bunch of food and you should come over to eat it. We’re gonna make a beef roast in our shiny new Instant Pot, and we’ll have a buncha veggies, farro, and salad. I would say we could hang in the backyard, but after being in the 60s, of course it had to snow today. Soon we will get to enjoy some real spring weather together and sing in the sunshine and all that happyfuntime nonsense.

In the meantime, I may look to get a job at the Presidential Personnel Office, cos it sounds like all you need are a spotty record, a willingness to partake in drinking games and vaping, and be related to someone tied to the Trump syndicate. I’m thinking I could at least fake the last part, much like many of the workers there falsified their educational background information. Then I’ll make a cool six-figure salary and not have to do much of anything while the world burns down around me. It’s not a bad way to go if it’s all burning down, anyway. I’ve read about past empires crumbling, but it’s a bit surreal to watch one burst asunder. Welp, I’m gonna work on falsifying some documents. Hope to see y’all in a few hours!

Jeder nach seiner Fahigkeit,
Jedem nach seinen Verbindungen,
Lissendaff



Brevity is.

Compatriots,

We have once again braved the wicked wilds of the weekend, and at long last have reached the blissful mountaintop that is Monday. Why don’t you come on over relax with some friends? We’re gonna make some curry squash soup, fish, chicken, and maybe have sumpum else. If anyone could bring some veggies or salad ingredients, that would be a fitting way to round out the meal. I would write more, but I’m trying to better understand this “Stormy Daniels” character I’m hearing so much about by investigating her filmography. She’s a director, too, you know.

Chastely yours,

Lissendaff



A brief exercise in not organizing one's thoughts.

Howdy do friendos,

We may have lost an hour, but what we’ve lost in time, we will make up for in snow, I suppose. Before we are all buried alive tomorrow, why don’t you come on ova and fill yourself up with the warmth of food and friendship? Lis and I will be trying to escape to the sunny south for a week on Wednesday, so there won’t be a Monday hang at Cazallándia a week from today. Therefore, we must pack in two weeks’ worth of hangage in tonight, so take the rest of this afternoon to prepare yourself both mentally and physically. It wouldn’t hurt to be metaphysically prepared, either. Philosophically, are any of us truly prepared for anything in this world? When objective truth is a myth and reality is a construct perpetrated by those in power to subdue the masses into obedience, how can we possibly prepare ourselves for what we experience? The answer is that it doesn’t matter, because you’ve already bought into the myth of reality, and are therefore quite happy being led around by a carrot on a stick, slowly winding your way to the slaughter. But is the slaughter simply release from this hell into an everlasting paradise, which many religions want us to believe? It could be that our existence is merely a way for ourselves to work out psychological issues in a fake environment so we can lead happy, full lives in another world eons ahead of ours technologically, but that doesn’t really explain why my higher self would want to live through the shame and torture of having to floss his teeth when in reality teeth are auto-cleaned by a simple, 10-second nanobot rinse each morning. The other possibility is that this is a mental jail, and waking up after the this brief and brutal life means realizing you’ve been living out a life sentence in a higher plane. The ramifications of this are actually good and bad. Maybe it means you’ve completed your sentence and can reintegrate with society. But if that’s the case, have you aged the full lifetime, or did you live that lifetime in a moment? Either way, do I keep the skills I learned, like Picard remembering how to play the flute/recorder in that two-parter? There’s only one way to find out, and I selfishly hope none of you find out any time soon. Or ever. Another option is that we take over the whole damn thing and build a utopia for ourselves, but that’s a lot of work. We could also focus on building the technology to live lifetimes within our own minds, but make those constructs utopic. Of course, we’ll just eventually wake up from that, but it would feel like an eternity of perfection. At least for a moment. Or we could just have a nice night of music, games, food, n’ camaraderie. 

Soooooo, we’s gonna make some chicken n’ fish, and prolly some rice or potatoes. If some peeps could bring a veggie side or salad or sumpum to round out the meal, that would be loverly. Dranks n’ snacks are always encouraged and welcomed, of course.

Faithfully yours,
Regardless of our current self-orientation in the multiverse,

Lissendaff



I've been informed today is Monday.

Hullo friendlies,

I was busy at work today, so I was unable to bore you with my usual long-winded nonsense. Rest assured that I will make amends and give you something nice and meaty that you can ignore next week. As for tonight, we’re gonna make some tacooey and burrity goodnazz. Any and all accoutrements would be loverly. Also, you know snaxxx n’ dranxxx are always welcome. Soooo….see yas in a wee bit?

Hugz4pugsondrugs,

Lissendaff



Who am I? Lissendaff, motherf*!&er.

Hellew fronds,

A joyous day greets us once again! In the face of tyranny, bigotry, and idiocy, the numbers of those on the correct side of history gain reinforcements by the day. The tide will turn, dearest fellows, and that tide will drag out the bloated carcass of the hegemony to drift helplessly to the darkest depths, where 6-gilled sharks will rend the autocratic fat from their bones, leaving only scraps for the hagfish to clean. Though change through the tide is a long, slow process, take heart! We are a part of that change, and the larger the mass, the greater the tide’s strength moving forward. It may be difficult to see the process day by day, but we must remain vigilant, active, and focused. Erosion takes longer than some other, more violent avenues, but it causes greater, lasting change.

So it is that I invite all wonderful people to come and dine with us, that we may succor those that look to a future that isn’t drowning in bile and vitriol. We will be making lasagna, cos it’s hearty and wonderful, and it’s been a few weeks since we made one. We’ll have some veggies in said lasagna (and have a veggie one should veggie friends grace us with their presence), but if any peeps wanna bring salad ingredients, bread, or garlic bread ish, I wouldn’t kick you out of bed for that or eating crackers. As always, snackage y bebidas will be welcomed with open arms and soon-to-be-full tummies. If you have any questions or concerns, write your congressperson. If you have any hugs or interesting conversation topics, we’ll be here all night.

Sic semper sancionados,
Forevermore,
Dutifully yours,
Lissendaff



I search myself, I want you to find me. I forget myself, I want you to remind me.

Hellew me hearties,

I come to you today on a most temperate and mild Shrove Monday to seek absolution for all my sins, both venial and mortal. While I’m not sure if I have committed too many mortal sins, the Catechism of the Catholic Church lists masturbation as an action that can involve increased gravity. If that’s the case, thank heavens I’ve never masturbated, so that won’t be an issue. Of course, by that I mean I haven’t masturbated today, but the day is still young, so fingers crossed! May the devil not tempt me to commit that heinous sin now that I have full knowledge of the sinful action and gravity of the offense. Even now, I feel the hot, lustful pull of the devil on my psyche, dragging my thoughts to unholy places, keeping me from focusing on my important work of reading insurance clauses in contracts, which doesn’t make sense, as those clauses usually have me thoroughly enraptured. I feel as though I have dipped a mind-toe in the quicksand of the illicit, but this quicksand is semi-sentient and seeks to suck all my thoughts into the muck, and the harder I fight, the stronger the pull into the warm, dark embrace. Because of this, I will request a chaperone for all bathroom breaks I take this evening. Possibly two. I thank all you brave souls in advance for assisting me in my holy undertaking of desperately trying to keep any and all shameful thoughts from taking control of my filthy, sinful hands.

That said, I hope your own shriving rituals have gone well, ensuring an atoneful Lenten season, to be followed by a celebration of death, resurrection, life, reproduction, chocolate, and bunnies. Cos that makes a lot of sense when you really think about it. While I know all you beautiful people are practically sinless, I hope to encourage your forgiveness of my sins by preparing a hearty shepherd’s pie, as well as a vegherd’s pie for those of you not honoring the Lord your God by sacrificing animals on the reg. I sincerely hope that you all shrive like a motherfucker to overcome that, though I’m pretty sure food-based sins are venial. Unless it’s cannibalism. And that might be okay if you’re warring and enslaving that food. I’ll check Leviticus and get back to you. Ears regardless, I look forward to seeing you all tonight and stuffing our faces full of delicious casseroley type food. Please feel free to bring sides, snacks, n’ dranks as you see fit. See y’allitude long about sebben-firty (seven and one half o’clock).

Fun note: Today is also known as Peasen Monday in Cornwall, cos they eat pea soup. I hope we have a Pease present this eve so we can also refer to this as Peasen Monday, because we will not be making pea soup. The staff apologizes for the inconvenience.

With tempted heart and empty stomach,
We remain,
Yours in eternal torment,
Lissendaff



I promise I'll wear a shirt.

Oh, hi. I didn't see you there. I'm barely awake and I can barely talk. Monday hangz be happening at the yooj time. We're making recuperation chili. Feel free to bring sides, dranks, n snacks as you see fit. We're gonna be at Trillium in the early evening, but our plan is to be home by 7:30 at the latest. So see anybody who can make it in a few hours!

Foggy smewches, 
Lissendaff 



I'll tell your mama, I'll tell your friends, I'll tell anyone whose heart can comprehend

Halloa!

My dearest dearies, it feels like eons since we last enjoyed each other’s company. I would like to remedy this. The only way I can think of is to have you over for a hearty meal, so we can share war stories and laugh over the naiveté we once had, and how we learned important life lessons through various challenges and hardships that burned away said naiveté and made us the people we are today. Sooooooo, let’s do that. Please come over this eventime, roundabouts 7:30, and we will have lasagna! Helpful thangs ta brangs would be bread and salad ingredients, as I believe we have some greens. Feel free to bring dranks n’ snacks as you see fit. I can’t wait to see you all.

Kill the boy,
Lissendaff



We all we got, we all we need.

Friends! I am in a fog of happiness still, which will dissipate over the next 2 weeks as some of our friendships break under the strain of the impending clash. In the meantime, let us break bread and play games as friends are wont to do! Please come over this evening for pork tenderloin and some type of fish. We'll also make a grain of some sort. If peeps could bring veggies or salad stuff, that'd be grand. See ya at the regularish time! Fly Eagles Fly, Lissendaff 


So I'll rush to your side, like the oncoming tide, with one burning thought, "Will I freeze still astride?"

Oh, deary dearies,

The biting cold of these last few weeks has done its best to try and snatch away the warm, soothing memories of our times together. Old man winter, jealous and bitter as always, has used his chilly breath to create tunnels of hoarfrost, which, while too cold for humans to begin with, some brave souls have ventured out into the icy maze. This is exactly what that frigid a-hole wants, as he reserves his cruelest torments for those that flout his frosty prowess. Once one of the aforementioned souls has dared venture into his glacial skein, the trap has already been set, and the fearless realizes they are the foolhardy too late, for just as they begin to think, "ah, this isn't as bad as people say," the booby trap is sprung. Icy wind gusts from seemingly every direction and cut through even the warmest garments like an ice cold but very sharp knife through warmed brie (or an ice pick through manmost things that are warm, or even cold, I suppose, cos they're pretty dang sharp) attack without mercy. Too many of our brothers and sisters have fallen this way, and the fear of it has kept us huddled in our warrens for too long. Thankfully, it appears Oh Em Dub has overextended himself, and we will get a (hopefully not so) brief respite from this Siberian tempest. So let us gather together and celebrate the breaking of an old god's will, at least temporarily! 

Please come over at the yooj time, and we will have a hearty squash soup and some type of protein(s)! If peeps could bring either a veggie side or salady things, that would round out the meal nicely, I would think. As always, snaxxx n' dranxxx are always welcomed and appreciated. Please let us know if we'll have the honor of your presence, so I can make sure I buy an appropriate-ish amount of squarrrrrsh. I miss you all sooooo much, and can't wait to hug yer face. 

We are, forever and always, 
Hoping to be, 
Back, 
Back in a warmass groove, 
Lissendaff



Hidden Gifts for your Christmas Day

Friends,

I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas. And to hopefully make your day all the better, and possibly more confusing, here is a list of objects that humans got stuck in their various orifices. The list starts at the ear and moves southward, which you should do at your own risk. I hope you're all having a splendid time with kith and kin, and I look forward to seeing you all again very soon. 

https://adequateman.deadspin.com/what-did-we-get-stuck-in-our-rectums-last-year-1821393493/amp

Water bottle in rectum, does this to reduce anxiety, 
(Liss)endaff



Light 'em if ya got 'em

Friendlies!

I apologize for my tardiness in sending this email. The day has quite simply gotten away from me. But we have things to celebrate! I cannot simply while away the day. Not only must we commemorate the rededication of the Holy Temple after the expulsion of the Seleucid scum that had defiled almost all the pure olive oil vessels, but today also happens to be the same calendar day on which young Master Matthias Kraft was birthed. So we will make approximately one tonne of latkes in order to do the celebration up right. Please bring applicable accoutrements, such as sour cream, applesauce, scallions, or any other tasty thing you like with deliciously fried potato goodness. Also, please feel free to bring other sides, snacks, dranks, or anything else you can think of in the world that you would enjoy. I look forward to feasting with you all this eve, and we can all pour one out for Judah the Hammer.

May you omit no sort of pleasures,

Lissendaff



Oh, it's Monday?

Hey!

To warm my heart and make me feel better about being a Philly fan that's not allowed to have nice things, we're gonna have chili (both veggie and turkey). Please come over at the yooj time. Dem Pats are playing, I guess, and they have who will now definitely be the MVP. I look forward to seeing all your shining faces. Please feel free to bring accoutrements, sides, snaques, dranques, or anything else that brings you happiness. 

Disappointed smewches, 
Lissendaff 



Twelve days, unlimited celebrations. A true mix of reverence, admiration, and fear.

Friendlies,

At long last, we have reached the most important of holiday seasons. We wait all year long, somehow surviving a constant battle against Mother Nature. Throughout the year, we combat nor’easters, allergy skirmishes that blow up into conflicts and sometimes even wars, blistering heat, torrential rains, and terrifying winds, all for the chance that we will get to gather together for the greatest stretch of days known to man. Yes, children, we have reached the top of the mountain. The Twelve Days of Awesome are here. Help us in kicking off this delightful time of year by wishing J-Bo and Kyle the happiest haps on the anniversary of their birthings! They are what we in the business call birthybros. Culturally, birthybros are viewed in a wide variety of ways. In ancient Mesopotamia, birthybros were forced to have the same haircut and one day out of the year had to act out a Freaky Friday situation with each other, or, if you prefer a more updated reference, a The Change-Up situation. Interestingly, in Vedic India, birthybros were allowed to be elevated to the caste of the highest birthybro one could identify for their birth month. This led to several assassinations, but it also allowed for some hilarious fish out of water stories. Today, birthybros have lost a lot of the cultural and societal importance our ancestors gave them, but we do maintain some traditions without overtly acknowledging them in everyday life. I think the best example of this is that all birthybros are forced to get the same tattoo. This unspoken, but very real, rule is still followed by about 85% of birthybros. One day these traditions will be lost forever, but until then, let us celebrate the birthybros we have in our lives, and force them to get matching tattoos if they haven’t done so yet.

In order to properly celebrate the Twelve Days of Awesome, we will provide a bunch of foodstuffs. I believe the plan is currently to make roasted garlic mashed potatoes, sautéed spinach, and some type of protein, whether that ends up being some combo of chicken, fish, and pork. Please feel free to bring salad stuff, other sides, snaxxx, dranxxx, or anything else you might be inclined to bring on ova. I miss you all terribly, so hopefully we will be in each other’s arms again tonight.

With sincerest smewchies,
Lissendaff



Cyber Monday? More like Pfeiffer Møv-ay (Marathon). Nailed it. Or Fifer Tuneday. Nailar otra vez.

Most precious netops,

It is my most sincere hope you all had spectacular and heartwarming Thanksgiving weekends, stuffing yourself beyond the gills with various delicacies and enjoying time with friends and/or family. I am not sure who all’s around, as we just got back from various locales ourselves, but we cordially invite y’allitude to come over this eve for yet more food, friendship, hangs, and vision quests. We can also regale each other with tales of our autumnal giving of thanks in order to prove exactly who was the most thankful. This will of course be set up as a reality show with testimonials happening throughout the evening, as we slowly eliminate the least grateful bastards in our midst. Then we can finally crown a winner, and hail the King or Queen of Gramercy, who will rule us with what we hope will be a most benevolent iron fist. As for the foodstuffs to fuel the duel, we’re thinking about making stuffed shells, though I don’t know if they’ll have chaste, gluten free shells at the store, so we may need to call an audible (it will likely be a pasta variation if I have my druthers). Either way, please feel free to bring snacks, dranks, stuff for salad, or other various sides, and let us know if you are coming, sose we makes enough füdz.

Thanking you,
Lissendaff



We should hang out.

Dearest fronds,

After an action packed weekend, Monday has come to drag us from our blissful repose and force us to face a thankfully shortened week. My brain has not yet realized this is the case, so this is all the email I can write. I think we’re gonna do taco-y type stuff, cos it’s easy and tasty. Please bring sides, snaxxx, dranks, or any other thing you can think of that you like. Hopefully see you this eventime!

Sweepy smirches,
Lissendaff



When the Adversary rears his ugly head, looming over you and causing others to flee in terror, slash away; even the tiniest cut can become infected and poison the beast.

Halloa kiddos,

The day may be craptastic, but don’t let a soggy Monday getcha down. Despite the world’s best efforts, wonderful things continue to happen. Whether that’s the magic of a brand new auger drawing out the love from an ever-deepening well, or bearing witness to a pivotal moment in history, where resolve begets resolve and the faint creak of power structures bending in an intensifying wind provides a glimmer of hope to millions that have suffered in silence beneath it. Or guessing the answer to final Jeopardy when you know the subject but have yet to hear the question. These things, momentous in their own right, though for drastically different reasons, can give us hope that one day we could become smart and strong enough to control the weather, just like in Geostorm. And while that may be years off, these small miracles, whether they are borne of biology, incredible bravery and perseverance, or tapping into the eternal consciousness and temporarily achieving omniscience, all contribute to the underlying will of our species to continually evolve and rise above the muck that keeps dumdums like manatees trapped in neutral evolutionarily.

Hope springs eternal, friends. Don’t let small things like being thirty seconds closer to midnight drag you into the abyss. For one thing, there’s the movie The Abyss, which is pretty awesome, so that should help. But in addition to that, you should also come over and partake in our food and friendship. In a curious twist of fate, we have not yet figured out what we’re gonna make, but rest assured that it will most likely be made up of some type of a grain, a veggie or two, and some kind of protein. Feel free to bring food that makes you happy, whether it be a snack, a side, or elsewise, or dranks. Can’t wait to see your glistening faces as they come into our warmth from the cold November Rain.

A smewch in every pot,
Lissendaff



Thus snoze Lissendaffustra.

Oh dreary dearies,

The gloom crept into the world while we slept. Insidiously cloaking itself in warm temperatures, it settled over our slumbering town, tricking us into thinking it a harmless passing front. Little did we know it was here to stay. We knew a dreary day could sap one’s ability to focus or get things done, but this time it was different. There seemed to be a physical weight to it, a malevolence hidden behind the murky veil, crushing our will to think or move. We do not have long, as I feel my will to write even this email fleeing before the oppressive gray compactor. I know I should run, stay vigilant, and help others before our complacency and general malaise causes us to be buried under a sludge wave of melancholia, but I really don’t feel like it. Instead, I will contemplate the word lugubrious. It seems simultaneously chic and disgusting. Filthy chic. Christina Aguilera is downright lugubrious. That seems right. Anyway, I appear to have lost my train of thought. Hey! Since I don’t really feel like moving, howzabouts y’allitude come over our place? We’ll make some roasted veggies and some chicken and/or fish. I think that sounds nice. Maybe that will dispel the general feeling of torpor. I think it just might. Please feel free to bring sides, snacks, dranks, or other such things that make you happy.

Drink full and descend,
Lissendaff



When Monday calls, you must answer. You must be ready. For if you are not, all will be lost.

Chums and Chumettes,

The days of perfect autumnal weather are rapidly dissipating. Do not allow your mind to be clouded with worries of the impending drear that lurks just over the seasonal horizon. Instead, wallow in the now! Give in to the joy of breathing deep the cool evening air during a bracing walk toward the welcoming embrace of old friends! It is in these moments where we find true happiness. Another way to find happiness is to stuff your face with pounds of squash risotto. As the descendant of a long line of land-clearers and sabotiers, I understand the necessity of being well-provisioned. Much in the same way my ancestor made sure the inhabitants of Ville-Marie, which would grow to become Montréal, had feet protected by sturdy wooden shoes, which I’m sure were on the cutting edge fashion-wise while still being comfortable, I want to give you the tools to fight your own proverbial Iroquois Confederacy. Those tools are a stomach full of food and drink, and an ebullient atmosphere that will quash any burgeoning sadness that may try to weigh down your psyche and will quell any raging bloodlust that might be brought about by the constant, berating assault of current events that seeks to pummel us into oblivion. Remember, all we need are wooden shoes and an unburdened heart. And some clear land, I guess. It’s problematic due to the history involved, so let’s just gloss over that part and be friends.

So please do us the honor of gracing our home with your presence this eve. As mentioned earlier, we will be making a squash risotto and we have some arugula and beets, which could have other ingredients added to it should they be provided by you fine folk to become a full-fledged salad. Please feel free to bring other dishes as you see fit, or snacks n’ dranks, or any other damn thing that makes ya feel good.

Au revoir pour le momenteets,
Lissendaff



Man cannot live on bread alone, because that would be boring, and therefore dumb. You'd eventually need water, too, I think.

Friendliest friendlies,

It warms my heart to think that we may once again share an evening of food, drink, stories, perhaps a few laughs, and maybe a tear, as long as it’s induced by a good ol’ fashioned belly laugh. Should any sadness-caused tears be detected, the guilty party will be immediately thrown into a friendship rehabilitation pile of hugs. If this does not succeed in filling the cryfeasor’s heart with joy, then they will be administered a euphoria regimen, consisting of jokes, games, more hugs, and, of course, needles full of drugs. We do not know what drugs, exactly, but it’s worked every time we have had to resort to the euphoria regimen, and we don’t question results. Thankfully, it is unlikely that this will be necessary, as you are all wonderful people and we’re going to have a delightful time. In order to facilitate the joy of shared friendship, we will be making chicken and beef to be used in a taco or burrito, or even “naked,” meaning without a shell or wrap of any kind. Now, nudity is not required while eating the proteins in this fashion, but it is highly recommended. The spice gets the blood flowing, causing one’s skin to glow attractively while also mildly engorging the naughty bits (which is both attractive and alluring). The main reason we’re doing burrito/taco ingredients is so that we can make approximately one bootyload of cole slaw, to use up the 2 metric tonnes of cabbage we have in our fridge. We will also most likely make some rice. Please feel free to bring salsa, guacamole, or other sides/accoutrements that you find tasty. Dranks are always a wonderful addition, as well. Finally, it may get a wee bit chilly this eve, but there is a chance we could warm ourselves by a fire if peeps are so inclined. This will be a game time decision, I would expect. I look forward to hearing from you regarding your ability to attend this eventimes hangage, but I look even more forward to the prospect of seeing your lovely face up close and in person.

Until then,
We remain,
Steadfast and truly yours,
Lissendaff



For fear your grace should fall, for fear tonight is all.

Mis amigos últimos!

It feels as though it has been next to forever since we have enjoyed each other’s company. I beseech thee, both individually and as the glowing epicenter of my moral and spiritual strength, to come over this eve and enjoy food, drink, and perhaps some noodling around on a piano. We will be making some chicken and some fish, rice/quinoa, and we have accoutrements for salad, but we lack greens. If someone would be so kind as to bring over some type of green leafy veggie to flesh out the salad, we will happily add beets, radishes, and maybe some other ish. I hope you’re all having a relaxing day, and will be awake and refreshed enough to partake in the first session of Ragtimercise!, wherein someone plays ragtime piano, and we get in shape doing such classics as the Grizzly Bear, the Turkey Trot, the Bunny Hug, the Camel Walk, and the One-Step. We will NOT include the Argentine Tango, because that shit is a little too scandalous for my home. We may partake in the Hesitation Waltz, but that’ll be a game-time decision. Ears regardless, I look forward to seeing as many of you as humanly possible. As per yooj, please respond with your intention for this evening, especially with regard to your attendance, as well as your best idea for a dance craze, and your SSN. We promise that this information will only be used for marketing purposes.

With admiration at a level that makes most people begin to feel uncomfortable,
We remain,
Forevermore,
Sancionados,
Lissendaff

FYI: Do understand that we consider renting large spaces in the city to host art shows consisting entirely of deviantart Sonic and Shrek fetish pieces as “marketing.” All proceeds go to the “Shadow is a Terminator from the future sent back to end Sonic and Shrek’s relationship before they can have Batman and save the world” fund. Thank you for your continued support and generosity.



Everybody deserves a spa day or Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Makeover!

A warm breeze drifted across his face as he gazed across the small hills rolling away from him. "How did I get here?" he thought. "Is this what peace of mind feels like? Am I home?" The tension in his normally stern face melted, if only slightly, and a tiny smile played at the corners of his mouth. He sighed heavily. "At least I can finally relax." Closing his eyes, he knelt down and rested his hands in the grass. It felt soft between his fingers, welcoming. He breathed deep, drinking in the warmth and feeling more muscles unwind. His posture become less rigid, his mind began to drift into a gentle current, unburdened and carefree.

At the edge of his hearing barely audible above the breeze through the grass, he heard a faint crackle. The red hue of his closed eyes in the sunlight remained, but he felt more than saw a mote in what would be his periphery. It moved toward the middle of his vision, each slow amoebic movement causing the crackle to become a bit louder, a trail of darker red following in its path. He felt his muscles begin to tense again, the comfort he felt seemed to begin to drift beyond his reach. 

Suddenly, a shaft of light lanced his retina, holding him in place. He saw nothing but pure light, with a halo of variegated red and black. Unable to move, he felt more than heard words enter his brain. 

"This false peace cannot be yours. Turmoil is your essence, and through it you will know purpose. A catalyst may create by destroying, but cannot remain in their creation. Now, look on what you have wrought, and see the work that remains." 

The light shot through him, entering his head and seemingly frying the contents. His body slumped from exhaustion, he felt pins and needles throughout his body. His hands no longer felt the soft grasses slowly blowing back and forth. The ground felt hard, broken, like large gravel. Agonizingly slowly, he forced his burned-out eyes open. As the remnants of the light began to ebb at the edges of his vision, he saw gray ground. His hands came into view, a caked mess of dirt and blood. He turned his hand over, seeing his palm and knowing what lay beneath. A tear fell, diluting the deep red pool that had coagulation there. Closing his fist on that tear, he reached back and struck the ground as hard as he could, a wordless scream emptying his soul of the impotent rage. 

The world shook, and far away, they knew he was still alive. And they knew fear. 

****

How do, friendlies? 

We cordially invite you all over this eventime to hang out and do fun things! We're gonna make sausages and hot dogs, cos we have an embarrassment of sweet peppers, which we're gonna sauté up with some onions. We'll prolly have a veggie of some sort and maybe sumpum else, but that's what I know right now. So feel free to bring any other proteins, sides, snacks, dranks, or elsewise! Feel free to come over at the yooj time. It should be a delightful evening temp-wise, too, so looking forward to seeing e'erbody in da clerb! 

Smewch 'em if ya got' em, 
Lissendaff 



I had a little love, now I'm back for more.

Princes and Princesses of the Boston Metropolitan Area, You Kings of the Greater Boston Metropolitan Area, Queens of My Heart, Dukes and Duchesses of the Collective Unconscious, Marquesses and Marchionesses of the Noble Eight Fold Path, and Viscounts and Viscountesses of the River and Wood One Must Cross to Get to Grandmother’s House,

I pray that you have been getting on quite well of late. It feels an eternity since we have basked in the shared glow of our mutual affection. Lachesis has deigned it necessary that our paths diverge for an unknown amount of time. But I say resolutely, “Nay, Moirai, you are merely a fiction, created by the fancies of a people that believed mercury was a suitable ointment and that a womb was a separate creature living within a woman that was eager to bear children, and if ignored would cause suffocation, seizures, and/or hysteria,” and I will fight tooth and nail that we might enjoy each other’s company once again. To that end, I do my part by inviting you to do all the actual physical movement to make this happen and come over to my house that we might feast and frolic in the moonlight, should Artemis’ splendor fight through the clouds that loom o’erhead.

As a token of my appreciation for this effort, I will provide you with both food and beverages of varied type! The most likely items that will be presented are chicken, a salad of some sort, and we may make a lil’ bit o’ pico. We may have another protein, as well, but please feel free to bring one if sumpum tickles your fancy and might tickle one or more other people’s fancies! As always, sides, dranxxx, n’ elsewise is also always appreciated. I kinnah wait to see y’all this eve and be regaled with tales of your various and sundry adventures while the threads of our lives were cruelly pulled apart.

May we intertwine now and forever,
I remain, steadfastly,
Yours always,
Lissendaff



Brief, but hopeful.

Dearest dearies,

I apologize not only for the tardiness of this email, but also for its brevity and lack of humor or story. Let me simply say that I miss you all more than you can possibly imagine, so I hope I see all your cherubic faces this eventime. Due to an abundance of Miller Lite in my fridge, we are going to make beer brats. They seemed purty tasty last time, so I’m gonna make the onion topping thang with em, too. We have beets and cucumbers, so if someone brought some greens, we could easily have a salad. We’ll prolly have some other side, too, but that has not yet been decided. So feel free to bring snacks, dranks, n’ spanks, depending on your preffies. So let us know if we get to see you so we have enough brats.

Firm, but fair, smewches,
Lissendaff

P.S. Bonus points if anyone cosplays as a Brats doll, character from one of their movies, or as Da Brat.



I swear, I do get work done on Mondays. At least some work. On occasion.

She looked down at the inert slab of metal in front of her, wondering again why she worked here. All day, people came in with their crappy and ancient tabs, slates, phones, etc., hoping that she could somehow revive them and keep them going for a little longer. It was the equivalent of working at a nursing home, without the noble pursuit of helping ease people’s pain. All she did was put the electronics back on life support, so this guy wouldn’t have to upgrade to something that actually works. “Hey, space cadet, do you think you can fix it?” the man who was clearly a gentleman asked.

“Look, I can try, but you should prolly just get a snap, or if you’re one of those old school techphobe types, there are plenty of cheap, new phones that actually work.”

“Listen, I appreciate the advice, but I need this phone to work, for lots of reasons, not least of which is that I’m going to pay you for the pleasure of fixing it.”

“Fine,” she said with not quite the heaviest sigh she could muster. “Come back in a couple hours. If it’s not alive by then, you’re gonna have a really nice antique paperweight. That seems like something you’d need.”

As he walked away, perfectly shined shoes smacking so hard against the tile floor she thought sparks might start flying, she looked back down at the poor, abused phone. It looked like it had been through a lot, but that was likely just wear and tear for something so old. She picked it up and walked to the store’s back room to see what could be done. It wasn’t the phone’s fault its owner was a stuck up poz, so she bore it no ill will. To be honest, she hadn’t worked on something like this in a long time, and couldn’t wait to start digging around.

Once at her work space, she put the phone down and gingerly placed her hand on top of it. She could feel the circuitry under her fingers struggling to remain connected and vital. The pathways called out in pain and confusion, and she knew she could help. Concentrating, she felt the room grey out, the pixels of her periphery growing to make everything around her blurred. As if looking through her hand, she could see the tiny phone as if it were embers, slowly burning down to ash. Her mind fell forward into it, traveling along the circuitry, finding the worn out nodes and transistors, like a beautiful city that’s fallen on hard times. She drifted through, cleaning as she went, until she finally came across the problem.

She approached the looming warehouse of memory, and along the edge, she could see large cracks. The pathways between the memory and the processor appeared worn down to almost nothing. She took a deep breath and moved toward the cracks, a radiant glow increasing all around her. The cracks in front of her began to seal together, the material interweaving into a stronger wall than it had been previously. She then cruised along the board, revitalizing the connections, coaxing them back to their former glory. Suddenly, she felt the energy flowing properly again, and the CPU began throwing out instructions as the phone quickly came to life. Information began swarming into her at a rapid pace.

There was a boy, only slightly younger than her, and he was in a chair. He was scared, but a man was talking to him through a window. The boy nodded, a tear dropping onto his cheek while a large metal apparatus lowered onto his arm and another moved slowly toward the back of his neck. She screamed as the boy did, but the image shut down then, and her focus shifted to an office. Photos of the boy were up on a wall at various ages. A smiling kid in his soccer uniform, some shots of him at the beach. A large man gazed at the wall for a long time, then turned to the two men watching him from the other side of the desk.

“What do you think?” one of the men seated across from the large man asked. “He should be ready by now.” She could see it was the man who owned the phone. She watched even more intently.

“Are you kidding? This time it has to work. There’s not enough rug in the world to sweep this one under,” the other underling said. “If we take a little more time, we can be sure, and there will be less chance for error. We’ve come too far and worked too hard. We can’t be impatient now.”

The two men looked up at the large man, who did not turn around. “Adrian, you are right,” the large man said, almost inaudibly. “We need more time, but you know we don’t have that luxury. It must happen now, and it must be him. We are lost if we don’t do it now, so it doesn’t matter if it fails. I wish there was another way. You know I do.”

“But we can del-“

“No. Prepare the catalyst.”

She wanted to dig deeper, to know more, but realized the man would soon be returning with the phone. She removed any trace that files had been viewed and quickly moved back into her body. The orange-yellow glow of her hand subsided and quickly returned to normal, and her eyes refocused. “Okay, okay, just act bored and make fun of him a little bit. You can do this.” She struggled to breathe at an even pace. She put the phone in a store bag and walked back out front. After five minutes of waiting, she couldn’t resist the temptation to find out more. She grabbed the bag, raced into the back, and reached into it, putting her hand back on the phone. As she dove down, she grabbed what she could and quickly sent them to her snap. She was just about halfway through the reams of information when the door chime broke her concentration.

****

Yo yooooooooooo friendlies!

I hope you’ve all had wonderful Mondays and are wondering what could possibly make them more special than having hopefully (safely) seen some of the cosmic ballet. Well, there is one way. Come over our place for some sausages and hang times! We’ll either be doing soup or salad in addition, so feel free to bring salad stuff, sides, snacks, dranxxx, and anything else you desire or think other people might desire. Please let us know if you’re able to hang so I obtain an appropriate number of snauserges. Can’t wait to see y’allitude this eve! I miss you all sooooooo much!

From our hearts to your minds (and also hearts),
Lissendaff

P.S. There won’t be a Monday hang at the Dentunes next week, so you’re free to do as you please and go aboucha bidness.



tl;dr: It's Monday. Here's an email to remind you.

“Listen kid, this is gonna hurt.” The voice echoed in his head as he was the metal clamp cover his entire arm. “Don’t worry, you’ll get past it and you’ll thank me.” Then it felt like every pore of his arm was being filled with liquid fire. He screamed, until he felt abrupt pressure on the back of his neck, and the same feeling felt like it filled his spine. His vision went orange, red, fuzzy grey, then black. He slowly opened his eyes and looked at his warmly glowing alarm clock. He rubbed his eyes, and stretched his arms, feeling the nodes in his hand he knew hid just below the surface. Sometimes he wished he would stop having the dream, but he was thankful it always ended in darkness. It made waking up slightly less stressful. And though he always would sweat through his sheets, he liked to think that helped keep him at fighting weight. They say it’s the fear of the needle that hurts more than the needle itself. Having lived and relived that moment every day of his life, he knew that the needle can be much worse. Of course, his was a special case.

He felt a light pressure in his thumb. He snapped his middle finger against it. “New phone, who dis?”

“Cut the shit. You’ve got a job. Easy. Just track and tag, minimal security. Deets en route.”

He had a quick rinse and a nutrient bar that was supposed to taste like steak and eggs, but tasted like a good version of grilled rubber. All that mattered was it was cheap and fulfilled a need. He ran out the door and headed downtown.

There was a light mist in the air, and he found his mark exactly where he was supposed to be. This guy seemed too boring to be on anybody’s radar. He apparently grabbed a coffee at the same time every morning, sat with his phone to read for 15 minutes, then headed into his office. Two hours later, he would go to a masseuse to work on his back, and then have lunch. Of course, this guy had two employees with him at all times, an obvious bag man and a body man, but that wasn’t too weird for these business types. Can’t be too careful in the wilderness outside your cozy office.

Lounging in the café the next morning, looking bored and sipping his coffee, he waited for his target to show up. Right on time, the man came in and got in line. His two associates slowly walked around the café and took up positions on either side of his favorite chair, several feet away. While draining the remaining sips of his coffee, the young tracker began squeezing his right fist. His forearm flexed and a small amount of perspiration glistened on his forehead. He hoped the slight grimace of pain was covered by the coffee cup, but neither bag nor body man seemed to look in his direction. He felt a tiny filament forcing its way out of the pad of his right index finger. He continued willing it forward until he felt it was fully made, lying flat on the tip of his finger. He sipped the last and got up for a refill.

As he rounded the couches and ottomans (ottomen?), he felt the eyes of Bag and Body on his back. He couldn’t let it bother him, he just needed to handle his business and walk out. He stood behind the target, patiently listened to him order a mocha-tea infused with immuno- and metabo-stims, and walked up to order the same garbage. He sauntered over next to the man and pulled out his own phone, thumbing through the top stories of the day.

“Mid-mochat, dub-fuse up!” The man stepped forward eagerly, clearly looking forward to his morning jolt.

“I actually think that’s mine,” the young man said, lightly putting his right hand on the man’s shoulder. He felt the tiny filament slip onto the fabric and begin burrowing down. The filament was programmed to barely touch the man’s skin at first to get a precise readout of his current ailments, travel to the area of the spine where his pain commonly resides, and insert itself to live right next to the man’s spine. Then it would emit a signal that could be picked up by his employer. The most the man would feel was a slight itch where the filament entered, and his scratching would only help cover up any other mild feeling that would occur. This also took at least thirty minutes, so as not to immediately let the man know he’s been compromised.

“Um, no young man, I was clearly ahead of you in line. I’ll be taking my drink, thank you.”

“Oh, my bad. I just thought no one else drank the same swill I did. Enjoy waking up all over again.”

There was a muffled rustling from the area where Bag was. Not good. He breathed in slowly, trying to remain calm until he could walk out and get far enough away to trash the disgusting nonsense this man chose to drink. Some muttering to an earpiece, confirmation from his cell. Bag and Body began slowly repositioning themselves to get a clear shot. He began redesigning himself, as quickly as possible. He worked to instill additional elasticity and responsiveness into his muscles, hoping there was enough time. He also began creating chromatophores to replace his usual normal pigmentation cells. His grimace returned, deeper this time, and difficult to hide.

“Denax detected. Everyone stay exactly where you are,” said Bag, while both he and Body had glove pulsors out and ready. One shock from either would knock him out immediately. There were plenty of other customers around, and these guys weren’t taking chances until they knew who tried to tamper with their boss. As they circled the seating area to approach their boss and the other customers in the waiting area, he worked up on last ditch defense. Repurposing the way too much of his own insides, and trying to not pass out while doing so, his body made two glands in his palms, and started building up noxious gases within them. He was basically creating two tear gas bombs inside his hands.

“Just a little closer,” he thought, as he felt various parts of his body melting and reforming.

“IT’S HIM, SHOOT THE DAMN DENAXER!” yelled the target, who had been watching the young man’s face heroically try not to contort from the battle raging within him.

“Whaaat? Me? You’ve got to be kidding. I just get a little shaky before I have my morning poison.” Leaping up and over Bag and Body, he reached a hand out toward each of them, and a cloud of gas erupted into both of their faces. He sprinted out the front door, as his face, hands, and arms began to blend into the grey day and buildings around him. Within half a block, his clothes started to shift and change in the same way, until soon it was difficult to see anything at all.

He rounded a corner, jumped onto a dumpster and over a fence in an alley, which I think is mandatory thanks to movies, and ran into a building he knew was deserted. He let the hacking cough catch up to him, and once it was done, he snapped his fingers.

“Job’s botched. They knew what was up, they could sense it somehow. How can they do that? Who the hell is this guy?”

****

Hellew, dear fronds!

Pleased to be joining us this eventime for foods, hangs, Thrones, and more hangs! We’re gonna grill some stuff like chicken and maybe sumpum else, and we’re gonna make a bunch o’ green beans. We also have a lot of salad ingredients, but minimal lettuce. So if anyone would like salad, please bring some greens to the soirée. As always feel free to bring proteins to grill, other sides, dranks, or anything else. I think the yooj time will do just fine.

Consider yourself smooched,
Lissendaff



Everyone's the protagonist in their own story, it's just that most stories are terrible.

Friendliest fiends,

There was a story once, lost in the mists of time. It spoke of tempests and monsters, of darkness given shape and substance. It was the kind of story that scared the bejesus out of little children, which made it a favorite of older siblings everywhere. As is so often the case, those mists that made the story seem arcane and fantastical merely covered up the parts that made it true and terrifying. There will come a time when we will have to lift the hypomnesiac haze of poorly kept history, or we shall be doomed to a swift and unforeseen cataclysm. I will tell what I know of the tale, and hopefully as a people we can slowly piece together the truth before there is only ash and darkness, and no pots within which to piss.

In a city not far from here, where the people where so numerous the smells piled on each other and began to physically push the air downward, a young boy was slowly becoming a man. He went to school like the other children, but he felt like he could do more. He knew he could do more. School seemed like a waste of time. He had seen his father grow to prominence, and he longed to reach the dizzying heights that his father had seemingly conquered. He saw all this from afar, of course. His idol could not be spoken to, standing so high on that pedestal.

So he went out, into the dark parts of the city, and began trying to exert his own control. He found that people would listen to him when he spoke. He could make people do things that under normal circumstances they probably wouldn’t do. He began to go out more and more, to the hidden places, the seedy places, and pushed at people in his mind. Though hesitant at first, he began to like having control over these other people. They did not want to admit their weakness, so they dare not defy him. The darkness became his cloak, and its constant weight made him feel like a heroic victim. In his own mind, he was a savior, despite the fact that he knew minds, and lives, were being crushed under his weight as he climbed on them. He would use this underbelly, this stench-filled pit as a launch pad, and never again have to look at or think about the disgusting, teeming masses he could so easily control.

And while the tale has barely started, we must pause to think about the here and now and later this evening. We invite you all over for food times, Throne times, and hang times, like ya do. We’re gonna make some pork chops and some salmon, as well as a Mexican-style zucc/squash sauté. We’re also gonna have salad, and maybe some rice. So brang snacks, dranks, and any other things you’d like to consume. See ya at the usualish time!

Kasmooch,
Lissendaff



Sensitouch 2: Back to Basics

He got up and went to work, just like every other day. It was raining, of course. It seemed to rain every time he had to go to a site for samples, not that he needed them. But the ruse must be maintained. He walked into his drab office and flopped into his desk chair. He thumbed open the calendar on his phone and saw today’s trip would take him 2 hours each way. He sighed, as that meant he’d be in bumfuck nowhere and have to kill time. This was necessary work, though, wasn’t it? Local signage needed to be absolutely correct, or people would not know the relative pH of their local wetlands. He was perfectly suited to this job. He had a power, it just was unfortunately miniscule in scope. He sighed, shoved his phone in his pocket, and walked back out the door.

As he drove, he listened to Lords of Acid, followed by Ace of Base. He only listened to artists that were puns in reference to his life. He drove to the wetland to be tested and parked his car. Grabbing his umbrella, he stepped out and felt his shoes sink into the dirt as he plodded over to the murky water. He gingerly dipped his index finger into the water. It felt cool, almost refreshing, if it was dirty and likely full of horrible bacteria. But to him, it felt silky and welcoming. It was like he could taste a near-imperceptible sweetness. This took all of one second. He pulled out his phone, jotted down: “Rich fen, pH 11. Sign change necessary.” All in a day’s work. He didn’t need vials and pH strips. Some fucking power. He went to find some lunch and start the paperwork to have the local signage changed to properly name the local geography.

He returned home to his loving daughter and asked her how school was. “It was great, Daddy! We started learning the times tables and I’ve already memorized some!”

“That’s great, honey. I’m so proud of you. Now go read while I make us some dinner.” He watched her run off with her latest book, some story about fairies and dragons, and smiled as a mist started to form over his eyes. “She loves me. Why doesn’t anyone else in this world?” he thought bitterly. “No one’s said more than ‘Great job, Rodge,’ in six years. If only they knew why I was good at my job, but then I’d be a pathetic freak to them.”

“But everyone loves Susie. She’s the sunshine that can break through any cloud. People would notice if she were sad. Or ill.” The thought shocked Roger. “I could never! She’s all I have!”

“But no one would know. We could easily make her food hyperalkaline, and she would just have some mild sickness. She wouldn’t even get hurt, not really. But people would notice you again, and it would for just being a good dad to your sick daughter. It’s not even really bad. You’re taking care of her, after all!” He clenched his jaw, straining to try and force the thoughts out of his head. A single tear squeezed out from the effort and fell onto the counter. He turned around to make dinner, doing his best to not see himself in the window. He was almost done pouring his daughter’s drink when a tiny bit splashed on his hand. It felt silky and sweet.

“Time for dinner, honey!”

****

Oh, hey friends!

Doesn’t that make you wanna come over and have dinner? I promise the food we make will not be poisoned in any way, not even a little bit. I care for you all SO MUCH. Anyways, I obviously learned today that the difference between a bog and a fen was that a bog is acidic and a fen is alkaline. What other kind of story was I going to write? 

So if anyone is still willing to be our friend and come over to eat, hang, and watch some Gamey Thronage, please come on ova at the regz timish. We’re gonna make some pork tenderloin, chicken, and have a salad of some sort. Please feel free to bring any other thangs that make you feel good, like sides, snacks, accoutrements, booze, or marionette set to entertain the people. Please let us know if you’re coming, so we can make the necessary preparations.

Basically yours,
Now and forever,
Lissendaff



How much murder would a Stark girl murder if a Stark girl could live on murder alone?

Tendrils of smoke crawled across the field, partially obscuring the horror beneath them. Her pack would feast today, but she knew that more danger would be coming soon. The winds had grown stronger, pulling down the cold snows from the north. Her pack was large, and she knew feeding them would become an issue sooner rather than later. The humans were kind enough to leave mountains of their brethren as gifts, but this would stop eventually, and prey was already becoming scarce due to her supreme cunning and the unparalleled skills of her little brothers and sisters. It wasn’t only the cold that was bothering her. There was something underneath it. A promise. A threat? She was repulsed, but somehow also drawn to it. Not only that, but her strange dreams had increased in intensity and frequency. Her sister must be getting closer. She could feel it. She could almost smell her again.

She saw the city of stones and water. She saw her little sister defeat her enemy and silently end it with her long, thin claw. She felt pride at the revenge in the dark castle, and how her sister could somehow change shape in order to fool her enemies. They had both grown into perfect killing machines, and soon they would be reunited. Then they could find their brothers in the north, too close to the danger. But together, together they could overcome this threat and eliminate their remaining foes. They will be unstoppable, and everyone will come to learn what she already knew. Arya remembers. Nymeria remembers. And soon, the history books will write their names in blood.

Hey kiddos!

It’s Monday, did you know that? Also, our long-awaited, mercurial obsession has returned! Yes indeedy, the Throne Games are back! So many questions will remain unanswered! Will Nymeria start murderizing the populace with Arya? Will Tyrion hop onto Rhaegal, fly directly to the Iron Throne and have his dragon eat Cersei? How will Jon’s parentage reach the light of day? Will Sansa sleep with and/or kill Littlefinger? At the same time? Will Lady Mormont marry Jon and ride Ghost into battle? Are you the Prince that was Promised? To buoy us physically while we get emotionally tied in knots, Scott and Sarah are going to bring a whole bunch o’ hot dogs, which we will grill up. We’ll also have some type of french fry side and salad. Please feel free to bring any sides n’ snacks n’ dranks n’ whatnot.

Fighting every battle everywhere,
Always,
Lissendaff



A boring Monday email!

Hallua me dearies,

At long last, the weekend has come to a close, and we stand in the warm embrace of yet another blessed Monday. I long to see all your shining faces this eventime. I apologize for the brevity of this email, as I actually got some work done today, which is weird, I know. Regardless, Lis and I are gonna grill up some pork chops n’ chicken breasts. We also have a lot of lettuce, so please bring additional salad ingredients. We may have another thing or two, but that’s the main event, boyos and girlas. I will also provide comedy via manual labor, so that should be fun. Let us know if you’re coming so we make enough fudsies! I promise next week will be a less productive day, and I will take full advantage.

Smewches,

Lissendaff



Disaster at the Front!

General Lake,

I hope this missive finds you well. It is my greatest fear that this will be lost on its meandering trip to your hands, and you will not know what became of us at the front. My mind reels simply writing this letter to you, and while I know it we be difficult to believe what I say, to not know could prove unbelievably disastrous. Therefore, I pray nothing befalls the envoy entrusted with its, and possibly the world’s, deliverance.

You will be happy to know that our men fought most valiantly. For several days, we had the better of our adversaries, pushing back their line steadily and thwarting their counterattacks. We correctly surmised they would attempt a pincer, but our scouts found their outlying divisions and quickly parried their weak attempt at dissemblance. Their army was trapped in the shadow of a looming cliff with a river at their back. As we prepared for the final day’s assault, expecting their unconditional surrender, a confused murmur began among our forward ranks. An aide-de-camp ran back to report on the hesitancy that we felt rippling back through our men. I did not believe him then, as you will likely not believe me now. They say that war is enough to break a man’s spirit, but this went well beyond war and I do not know how we will defeat the mechanized terror we now face.

It was being reported back that portions of the mountain awoke, and gigantic metal beings unfurled from the rock itself, stretching like dogs waking from a long slumber. Terrified men described humanoid figures but impossibly tall and encased in armor. As you are aware, men will often exaggerate to make their fears seem more reasonable, so I initially thought this to be some new artillery or other large invention. I curse myself for not trusting the men's description of what trudged toward our position. Fighting at the front is a hell I wish on no man, but these men would be welcomed into an inferno heretofore unimagined.

The enemy’s line parted to make way for what I could now see for myself was two separate Goliaths. Aside from being encased in a shiny metal of no make I have seen, they did not appear to be armed. Regardless, their mere appearance was formidable enough to make some on our side almost break ranks. Our captains trotted up and down the lines, all the while reining in their horses, who were as afraid as the men but even more eager to bolt a hasty retreat, shouting orders and keeping the men mostly in their divisions. Would that I had sounded the retreat. The two metal beings stepped forward and held up their arm-like appendages, and we saw their shape change. The hand quickly melted back and reformed to become a huge barrel. Gazing into the heart of that barrel was like gazing into the twinkling eye of Lucifer himself, deep enough to see his vengeful, fiery soul. An instant later, we watch in horror beams of fire tore across the field, causing explosions or simply dissolving my men before my eyes. We sounded the attack, and some men, may God forever bless their bravery, charged forward to tear down these mechanical demons. Our bullets and cannon were useless. The monsters were unfazed and continued to rain destruction around us. All was clearly lost, and a retreat was called.

I stand among a fraction of the army we once thought invincible. We were cut down as easily as a scythe through wheat. We do not know where these beings came from, and we do not know how to defeat them. I hope you have a secret weapon that can defeat gods. Otherwise, we face total annihilation. I wish I could report a single weakness, but we are as children playing at war, and we will be dealt with easily if we do not answer in kind or surrender.
****
Based on a true story.
****
Compatriots, it’s another beautiful day, so we’re gonna grill some stuff. I’m making a couple jerk pork chops, we’ll prolly have some other protein to grill, and we’ll have salady stuff! If someone or ones could bring another protein to grill, that’d be great. Other veggies, snaxxx, n’ dranxxx are also always welcome. Pleased to be letting us know so I can make sure we have enuffa da fudz. I apologize for the lateness of this email, and humbly beg for you forgiveness. Regardless of whether I receive said forgiveness, I can’t wait to see your shining faces.

May your Optimus always be Prime and your Stars always Screaming,
Lissendaff



Ours is not to reason why, ours is but to cheese and fry.

Booniest companions,

Many times in our lives we are forced to confront change. Whether this is realizing you can’t keep your pacifier with you on your first day of school because the fucking plebes you’ll be spending all your time with won’t understand how important it is and will ridicule you until you can’t take it anymore, or winning at NHL94 against your brother for the first time and you finally feel like you’re not a little kid, or watching the Doctor regenerate, these are watershed moments. The streams on which our tiny fates float upon, unknowingly swimming toward the inevitable and unforgiving vastness of the open ocean, are guided by the topography of life events, both within and out of our control. Today we will be recognizing the reality of a drainage divide long in the making, but one which was successfully fought against for years. TTT “Pass the ‘ducci on the left hand side” Lauducci will be hanging out with us for one last job, then we’re getting out of the game.

Yes, through a confluence of work change, baby care, and the ol’ Appalachians themselves, Tommy will no longer be a semi-regular Monday night hanger-outer. So that whole watershed analogy is totally apropos on at least two levels. While our lives may drain in different directions for a while, we will always fight to slowly erode a new path so we visit every now and again, which isn’t really how watersheds work, so that’s where it all falls apart, but goddammit I tried. So yeah, it’s not forever, but it’s gonna be longer than usual between visits, and that’s a pewpshoot. With this in mind, we’re gonna make the most of this eventime! Our plan is to have an old skool grillin’ time, with sausages and burgers. Please bring other thangs to grill you like, salad stuff, other sides, snax, dranxxx, or anyfin else your heart desires. Please be prepared to hung Tom overlong many times.

With great smooch,
Comes great smoochability,
Lissendaff



I can see clearly now. It is acknowledged there are still obstacles.

Dearest Dears,

The time has come yet again to throw wide the shutters and bask in the glory of a nice day. Granted, this day may be a bit warmer than we would like, and when those shutters are flung open, the beauty making your breath catch just a bit, you will feel the sensation of a million beads of sweat apparating on your face, rapidly coalescing into larger droplets that run into your eyes, stinging the sensitive constitution of the unprotected orb and causing your lids to drop quicker than you can think the command. Let this be a reminder that beauty is annoyance and pain. Beauty in all things is the brutal current form of something beaten into that form, a constant battle we and every other living thing fights against the amorphous concept of a nature that wishes only to annihilate. We create, dream, and revere in hope that these fleeting middle fingers we extend into the void will somehow defeat in some minor way the inescapable concept of nothingness. We also often subjugate, deride, and destroy with a similar, laughable hope. Even the sun, which to all appearances seems to only emanate energy into the universe, does exert pain, pleasure, and influence upon lesser beings while its own life force burns slowly out in front of us. Is that it crying into the emptiness? Are we merely the shattered thoughts of a dying stellar being slowly being snuffed out and drowning in a sea of unfathomable nothing?

The answer is yes. So we’re having hot dogs.

We’ll also have chicken sausages and maybe some veggies to grill. I think we have a couple smart dogs around, too. Peeps are welcome to bring other proteins and veggies. Salads, sides, n’ snacks are also always in fashion. Please let us know whatcha brangin’, so we can sufficiently shore up the nutrients we lose to sweat.



With joy-filled hearts and shining eyes,

We are, now and forever,

Yours in perpetuity,

Lissendaff



When 2 Become 1: All Wrapped Up in Tulle

Freeends,

On a gloomy day such as this, it can be difficult to peel back the sleepy fog that clings to my thoughts like a spiderweb you walked through hours ago, but you keep feeling it on you no matter how many times you brush it away from your face, causing you to think that perhaps the spider is still on you, rapidly re-webbing your face, both of you trapped in a horrifying Sisyphean nightmare, until you finally learn that you are able to create a symbiotic relationship with this spider and use its webbing powers. Soon, you are able to create a malleable spidersilk outfit that can is not only stylish, but can repel bullets and enhance muscle tone to superhuman levels. The spider, with whom you've established a psychic link, is named Araneis. She's sassy and blunt, never missing the opportunity to zing your dumb ass, but she's saved your life multiple times and you're really starting to bond. You realize her caustic jokes were initially just a way to keep you at arm's length, but as you learn to work together, you break down the barriers and see through the common spider-human relationship stereotypes, like humans experiencing sheer terror at being in close proximity to a spider, or that all female spiders are friggin' sex cannibals, or that spiders great dancers. There's also that whole "spiders could theoretically eat the entirety of the human race in one year" study that set back spider-human relations a couple hundred years. But by working together, you and Araneis become a formidable warrior for good, and you learn to dish out some pretty tasty zingers along the way. 

I have a good feeling that this could enter the pantheon of superheroes, with stories being told and retold for years to come. This is not at all like the Eddie Brock with the symbiote becoming Venom, with a movie due out next year starring Tom Hardy. I doubt they'll tackle any of these coming of age and spider-speciesism themes. So really, what's the point?

Anyways, we're gonna have Monday hangs tonight, and we will also storyboard the above story so we can get our movie out before theirs, therefore stealing all their thunder and becoming a much bigger hit. Or at least making some money by confusing some of the audience. Like Dante's Peak and Volcano, Deep Impact and Armageddon, Carnosaur and Jurassic Park, Transmorphers and Transformers, or Carnosaur 2 and The Lost World. IT ALWAYS WORKS. 

So, in order to feed the creativity engine, we're gonna make some pork tenderloin and possibly some other surprise mystery protein! Please bring some veggie sides and/or salad ingredients. Any other snacks n' dranxxx are also always welcome, as you know. I miss you all so much, so let's snuggle up, write an entire movie script, and watch some hockey. Whaddya say?

Smewcherines,
Lissendaff



Antonio 3:16: For Kristen so loved the world that she blessed it with her son, and whosoever believes in him shall not perish, but shall have eternal life. And save the environment, and stuff.

Once, long ago, when there was sunlight and hope sprung eternal from all the beautiful and wondrous corners of the earth, there lived a carefree and ebullient naiad. For as long as she could remember, she would spend her days dancing in and among the springs and waterways of her home, luxuriating in the sun. She and her sisters would entertain each other, playing games, telling jokes, and giving each other ridiculous names. It truly was a paradise. One day, however, everything began to change. 

The clouds that were wispy and playful seemed to become more threatening, and the light showers that dappled her fair skin began to burn ever so slightly. Soon, there were alien noises encroaching on all sides, and strange, overly-hairy beings that looked like warped versions of herself began moving into the area. Confused, she went to investigate, and saw these spiteful creatures killing her dryadic cousins and tainting her beloved springs and streams. Horrified, she ran to her ancient father, Oceanus, to ask what could be done. 

"My child, you have finally seen man, those that worship the usurper Zeus. And while, I'd like nothing more than to crush these tiny beings to keep you safe, I made a deal with Zeus so I could stay alive and control at least part of the ocean, since he gave the majority of control to his brother Poseidon, which is insane cos the whole thing is fucking named after me, and I'm only allowed to destroy their ships occasionally. So those that make it to this land you will have to learn to live among. If that is too distasteful, your only other recourse is to hide yourself away, and I will shroud the area where you live so that none can find you unless you wish to be found. In the meantime, I'm-a seriously gonna keep trying to kill those em effers whenever they're on the ocean."

So the young naiad hid herself among the humans, and though they expanded all around, they never found her hiding among them. And though she felt trapped in her small corner of the world, she was still able to enjoy the sun and streams. Little did she know that the humans would slowly corrupt all they touched. 

While the charms put around her kept her safe and hidden from the beasts, it could not keep out the filth that sought to choke her beloved creeks and brooks. If someone were to threaten her in the past, she would simply poison them through the water they need to survive, but this was a whole new problem. How could she poison these heathen beings when they chose to poison themselves? She had never heard of the EPA, and therefore she did not know how to file a complaint with the them. Even if she had miraculously overheard some information, she would probably hear that they would likely be unwilling to pursue a company that was polluting local streams, and even if they were eventually convinced to do so, it would start with fines and only escalate to a protracted legal battle in the most extreme cases. And, with nothing to compare her situation to, even if she had THAT information, she would not be able to weigh whether it was worth it to pursue that course of action. 

So she sat next to her favorite babbling brook, deep in thought, when she heard consistent thumping  nearby. Intrigued, as it didn't sound destructive, but was oddly rhythmic, she peered through the supernatural mist that enshrouded her and saw a group of young men laughing and throwing small bags at angled tables. While she stared wide-eyed at this confusing ritual, she noticed one of the young men was particularly handsome, and might have the genes to grow an awesome mustache. So when the ritual was over, and the others were cleaning up the various components, the young man looked in her direction and caught the briefest of glimpses. Amazed, he told the other to go on and that he would catch up. 

Confused, a little afraid, but also excited, the young naiad simply backed into the surrounding forest, toward her stream. She did not run, as she normally would when humans came too close. She wanted to know more about this man, and she also wanted to know what the hell his people were up to out there. So he stumbled through the woods, trying to catch up, which seemed impossible at first due to the protections blinding him and making branches smack him in the face over and over again. But he was drawn to the face he saw, and could not think about anything other than finding her. 

He finally tripped into a clearing and when he lifted his head, he saw her in all her glory. She appeared to be glowing, with light on and shimmering around her as though it reflected off water. He was mesmerized, and did not even realize they were deep in conversation until the sunlight was long extinguished. 

He told her of his world, and she of his, and they realized they were in love. The naiad's love for this young man awakened her long-dormant gift of prophecy, which she thought she had lost when she hid herself away, and she saw that the fruit of this union would go on to save her streams and pools. Dark times lay ahead, darker than she cared to gaze upon, but she would bear a shining beacon, created in those bleakest of times. And this hero, born of demi-god and man, will break the siege we have against our own planet. He will be the knight the world needs.

****

tl;dr: Brian and Kristen, sitting near a stream, k-i-s-s-i-n-g.

So yeah, it's Monday, y'all should come over. We're gonna make a squash curry soup, rice pilaf, and prolly some fish and pork or chicken. The latter of those things may be grilled, depending on the weather. Rumor has it there will also be salad and a dessert of some kind! Feel free to bring other sides, snacks, n' dranx. 7:30ish is prolly a cool time to hang out. Let us know if you's coming to celebrate the birth of the K-slice, so we know how much to make!

Consensual smewches,
Lissendaff



I'm merely a humble butler. I buttle, sir.

Hellew me dearies, 

It feels as if it has been forever since we last had the pleasure of your company. I would usually take the time to invite you all over for food and friendly hangs, but you and I both know you will be here tonight. The main reason is that you and I know the contents of the package that was recently sent to you, and you know that I possess the originals of all the letters and photos therein. So let's not kid ourselves. I'll be seeing you in a few hours. Additionally, the food we are making this evening has caused an unbidden explosion of poesy in my mind, which must be put down on the page, lest I wither and die, and this, I believe, will convince you perhaps even more than the information I have on you. Without further preamble, I give you a tribute to a roast:

Cut my beef into pieces
This is my papa roast
Marination
Pre-salting
Don't give a fuck if I make my own gravy

This is my papa roast

Cut my beef into pieces
I reach out to my roasts
To marinate 
And pre-salt them
Don't give a fuck if I make my own gravy
Do you care if I deglaze my skillet?
Would it be wrong?
Would it be right?
If the juices stay in tight
Chances are that I might
Masticate the tender bites
Prove my tummy's smaller than my eyes

Cos I'm roasting that beef 
Tied up with twine
Wish somebody would pour out some wine
Roasting that beef
Tying some twine
Wish somebody would pour us some wine

I never thought on how to treat the roasts
Til it was too late
And it was drier than toast
Crunchy!
Disappointment
No witty riposte
Could undo the failure of your lowly host
I knew that I would have to make another
But do it up right
Not torch it like a mother
Soak it in a salty dry rub with its own juices 
Let it break down all the real tough sinewses

Cos I'm roasting that beef 
Tied up with twine
Wish somebody would pour out some wine
Cos I'm roasting that beef 
Tied up with twine
Wish somebody would pour out some wine
This roast's not dry
This roast is moist
I'm slicing and I'm crying
I'm crying
I'm crying
I'm crying
I'm crying

I can't wait to eat all this beef.

*****

So there you go. May that entice you further into joining us this eventime! Again, if you don't show up, I will be releasing each of the dossiers I've prepared on you to the press and making sure everyone you've ever loved sees it. So come on over at the usual time! As you may have guessed, we're making some beef roasts and a bunch of roasted veggies. We may also make some rice or quinoa. Please feel free to bring other sides, snack, dranx, etc. Also, there's rumor of a delectable dessert courtesy of Sammy, so feel free to bring vanilla iced creams or whipped creams. TMZ is reporting that it's a rhubarb upside-down cake, but they're a sack of dicks, so I don't know what to believe. Anyways, let us know if you're gonna make it, so that we don't release all your deepest, darkest secrets.

Papa and Mama Smoach,
Lissendaff



One man's druthers.

He could feel a knot tightening in his chest. High pressure situations were not his forte, and he knew that. Beads of sweat began materializing on his forehead as he gazed up in mute, frustrated thought. His heart began to pump, faster and faster, becoming arrhythmic, which caused a feedback loop of stress and worry. His glance cast back and forth from the clock to the woman that stared at him with an impassive gaze, and back again. He felt a buzz on his wrist, tacitly warning that his heart rate was dangerously high for someone seated. As most connected technology does, it had the desired affect of somewhat hastening the end of a human's life. He tried not to focus on that, but instead stay in the moment and just try to get through this. Unfortunately, the bright lights all around gave the inquisitor a sunken, surreal look, which didn't exactly help reduce the tension rapidly expanding in his mind.

"Bill?"

He closed his eyes, trying to block everything out. Didn't they understand? Choices are difficult; they always lead to change. He knew that any choice would irrevocably affect his life forever, and may even have dire consequences for those around him. He'd seen it play out in the past too many times. And, though some part of him, deep down, knew his paralysis when confronted with change was not considered normal, he knew equally well that all these sheep that simply made choices without thinking were taking everyone's lives into their hands, and he would not be like them. 

The veins in his neck were bulging, pulsating as he ran through every possible scenario. His thoughts began to muddy. Conflicting possibilities seemed to crash into each other., causing seemingly minor accidents to grow into cataclysms. The beads became rivulets, soaking the collar of his shirt. His hands began to shake.

"Is everything-"

"FINE! I'll do it! I'll answer your damn question!"

"Oh, I didn't mean to upset you, I just have to ask. Some people like to have the option. Would you prefer bubblegum or mint toothpaste?"

****

Hey yaooo,

Since it's not summery weather yet, we're gonna do chili tonight! Please feel free to bring bready thangs or salad thangs, or other side thangs, and/or dranky thangs. Whatever feels good, ya know? Come on ova at the yooj time. We can also time-delay the Caps game for those hockey fans that don't want to miss any of the action.

Smirchies,
Lissendaff



It was a bright cold day in April, but clocks weren't striking 13, cos we don't do that here.

The Great Book foretold her coming. The year was merely there to call our attention to the commencement of a series of events that would reshape our world. We have been working toward what has been sold to us as the only safe way forward in a mad world, and we have spent years convincing ourselves this is true. Everything, so far, has gone according to the plan that was codified for all to see in 1948.

The blueprint put in place by the Book had been known for almost the full breadth of human history, it just took centuries for technology to catch up to the true human genius of subjugation and cruelty. Our timeline has almost caught up to the prophecies of the Book. Propaganda is the air we breathe, and while it is not as brutally focused as it could be, we are making strides to ensure the government can effectively communicate with all its subjects, no matter where they are or what they are doing. However, communication must occur in both directions, which is why all thoughts we have must be put on display in as many media as possible. This eases our government's burden, allowing it to more effectively defend us from the constant wars that dictate life beyond our borders. To maintain our Eden, we must ensure the monster-infested wasteland that surrounds us and seeks to bring us low is constantly fought back, and any monsters that may wear our clothing must be rooted out and either brought into the fold via our encouraging new persuasion tech, or eradicated from all memory within our sanctuary. To not do this would be to invite death into our homes, and surely end our way of life. 

Little did we know that an unassuming young woman would be born into the world in that most prophetic of years, and she would be our only hope against the massive tectonic governmental forces seeking to control all thought and thus, the world. Her kind demeanor and giving nature would lead all to believe that she was destined for a quiet life. A life full of friendship and love, certainly, mostly due to her charitable and endearing demeanor, but those in power would have trembled had they known the destruction that could emanate from such a small, beautiful epicenter. Had they known that she indulged in book-learning to an almost demonic degree, they might have felt the change in air pressure heralding the apocalyptic hurricane that would remake life as we know it. 

Fomenting dissent was not her forte, so no undue attention was given to her various and sundry salons, often referred to as "hangtimes." When she did post on the thoughtscapes scoured by the government for clues about who would need to undergo nation-therapy, it was most often an innocuous response to humdrum life events. Instead, this wondrous savior allowed herself to be a conduit for unbridled conversation; the tavern where unfettered revolution can be discussed and eventually the table upon which battle plans are drawn. How could anyone in the various levels of the upper Party fathom that such a cute, unobtrusive young woman would be the steel the flint of the country needed to ignite the fires of rebellion? Honestly, anyone that has ever gone out to eat with her and got sub-par service would know this, but the oligarchs chose not to do the work necessary. And that will prove their downfall.

Tonight, we celebrate the anniversary of the birth of Ms. Alissa Nowak. The best way to do so, in my humble opinion, is to continue the tradition that helped her community of non-brainwashed friends flourish. (Her community of brainwashed friends, while also flourishing, will not be invited to tonight's festivities.) As we all know, one cannot think clearly or overthrow a government on an empty stomach, we therefore will be making a kale and white bean dish with mussels and chorizo/linguiça on the side, should people wish to add those things. The dish will have some broth involved, but may not rise to the level of soup. We can have a lively discussion as to whether or not it does this evening. It would be lovely if peeps could bring snacks, salad ish, and bread to round out the celebratory meal. 

May all your dystopia wither into the ground and become the mineral-rich soil upon which your utopia is built,
Yours in subversion,
Lissendaff



Whobody in da club wanna hear a story?

Long ago, when we were but mere babes at the breast, there were tales told of hero worthy of our worship and admiration. This hero shone like a beacon, bringing joy to all that had the good fortune to cross his path. He was more akin to a virtuous Anansi than an Achilles, and his antics would brighten the days of children and crones alike. 

He would joyously run across fields, kicking or intercepting balls, casuing children to squeal with delight. He could rap like the dickens, using clever turns of phrase to beat out complicated and delightful rhythms on your eardrum that one could not help but try to emulate. And while you usually failed to reach the intoxicating heights of verbal fuckery, you were left breathless and tickled from the attempt. Beyond this, our young hero was also a bastion of comfort and friendship. If he were to espy someone in need of consolation or reassurance, he would spoon them with the gentleness of a puppy draped in the finest silken sheets. 

Oh, but heaven help you if you were to ever draw the ire of this legend. While it is known that if one were truly blessed by him, he or she may receive the honor of a leg, hip, or possibly even one's ribs being dry humped by him, he could also use this great gift to reap unfathomable destruction. Once, he was cast out by a city that did not appreciate all the gifts and joy he brought. They were too focused on basketball and other amusements, and did not understand his impish gifts. So he walked into the forest at the edge of town, feeling a sadness he'd never felt before. Once in the forest, he latched onto a large tree for comfort and began weeping. The weeps caused him to convulse, which quickly led to his all-too-familiar humping motion, and put a smile back on his face. So he humped and he humped, until the friction caused sparks to erupt from his loin and thighs, but because he was no longer crying, there was nothing to stop the sparks from becoming a fire that became a raging inferno. (The amount of friction created is made even more amazing by the fact that this young hero's body was completely hairless.) The town saw the fire approaching, and while some recognized their mistake and tried to plea for help, it was too late. Our hero turned away and moved on to another city where his radiant joy would be appreciated by one and all.

But then our young hero grew up, as all young heroes do, and moved on from our village. Time has passed, and the world continues on, but it has not gone unnoticed that our world has gotten just a bit darker without the unbounded joy that emanated from this legend. While some may have forgotten, I'm here to tell you this legend is a man, and he still exists. There is still time for this world, for us, and he is coming to remind us of that fact. In fact, he will be here tonight, and we will feast in his honor! So come, raise a taco and a glass to celebrate the triumphant return of our own personal Odysseus, Tom "Tizzy-WHAT" "TTT" Lauducci!

As noted just above, we's gon' make taco/burrito stuffs, specifically beef, chicken, black beans, and rice. We'll prolly make a slaw, as well. Feel free to bring snackypoos, drankydranks, and whatever tasty or fun thing you think would be appropriate for a joyous occasion. Please come over around 7:30, and we will make merry!

Entre fotos y cuadernos,
Entre cosas y recuerdos,
Que no puedo comprender, 
Lissendaff



Spring sprung. Your move.

Halloo fronds,

Today is the vernal equinox. We will spend the night trying to stand eggs on their end, and fail for the most part, as this is not a real phenomenon. Despite this, we can all enjoy delicious food and friendship. We're gonna make a bunch of chicken and pork, as well as that lentil dish we made a while back with rice and kale. Please feel free to bring other foodstuffs and booze or whatever you like. I would write more, but I unfortunately am actually doing work today, which is dumb. I look forward to seeing you all this eventime!

In the shining light of your munificence,
Equanimous and verdantly yours,
We remain,
Lissendaff



Animals, can we talk?

A coworker sent this link to me. I have so many favorite parts, but please enjoy digging around. She can cure your horse via email alone!!!



Fresh Saint of Rila

Now, this is a story all about how
my life got flipped, turned upside down
and I'd like to take a minute, please don't holla
I'll tell ya how I became the Saint of a Mount called Rila.

In west Bulgaria, born and raised
On the pasture is where I spent most of my days
Herdin' sheep, fastin', prayin' all cool
And all lovin' the Lord like a true Seraphoo
When a couple guys, tryna stir up some shit
Started saying that I was a hypocrite
I got in one little funk and cut off my hair
And left to learn to be a monk via their de rigueur.

I moved out to the wild, and when I got there
Animals gave dap and birds would sing in my ear
Asceticism was looking like the best thing around
But I knew to be humble, n' miracles would abound!

I strolled into a village as God's chauffeur
and the pie-maker said, "Yo Ivan, take a two-fer"
I gave 'em to poor folk, and they called me the man
Now I'll sit on my throne, as "two-pies Ivan."

****
This is, of course, a tribute to St. Ivan of Rila, the patron saint of Pies and Pie-makers. He's got a few miracles attributed to him, but I'm really happy that he's the patron saint of pies and pie-makers because one time he was like, "Nah, I'll give a couple poor folks these pies I got for free." Good on you, Ivan. I also like that the story earned him the nickname Two Pies Ivan, basically the Bulgarian equivalent of Johnny Two-Pies, which is a really lame mob name. 

Look, e'erbody already know the deal. Pi Day celebration tonight, ya dig? There's another chain dedicated to who's brangin' whatsies, so I ain't gon' delve inna all dat. I just felt like writing a Monday email cos it's difficult to focus on work sometimes. Looking forward to seein' y'allitude long about 7:30ish! 

Smewchacha,
Lissendaff



Sculpting Our Own Mythos, or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Only Myself.

Friends,

As we all know, man is a heroic being, whose sole purpose is to follow their own happiness and use that as their moral compass. Indeed, we all recognize that personal production and achievements derived therefrom are the most important activity in human existence. To attain this pinnacle of human existence, we must of course be governed by the only moral economic system that has been imagined, laissez-faire capitalism. This system is the only way that individuals can retain their autonomy and become the mythical heroes we are all meant to be, and not be stymied by demonic and controlling overlords. We, as individuals, if left mostly to our own devices, will use reason and our intellect to create a perfect future, where there is no dictatorship of the rich or of the poor. If everyone achieves their personal goals by using any means necessary, then we will at last reach the utopia we all deserve as humans. There is no need to think longer or harder about this, as we as individual humans are all that matter. Remember, "[t]he smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities."

Ayn Rand was a fucking idiot. She died 35 years ago today. I would say, "Good riddance," but we have yet to be rid of her corrosive, inane influence. So I guess bad riddance? Corporeal riddance, at least.

We're gonna make chili, and prolly talk about how nice it is to be humans that actually care about other people and have enough basic economic knowledge, or knowledge of history, to understand that unbridled capitalism has proven itself to be...somewhat detrimental to most parties involved. Oligarchs have it pretty nice, I must say. 

So yeah, chili! Feel free to bring bread or sides or snacks or dranks, and we will communally eat, like heathens who will never achieve heroic greatness. The time will be ordained by the will of the free market, which on average has proven to be 7:30.

We ate John Galt,
Lissendaff



Absolut Ion - The Vodka that Forgives Your Sins

Hallua friendies,

On this Shrove Monday, in what may be the precipice of truly dark times, may we all look to each other for strength and forgiveness of past transgressions. I know that some of us may require more of that forgiveness than others, which would then require additional forgiveness for the former being so burdensome, thus creating a ever-increasing pit of swirling sin and forgiveness, coalescing into a black hole, the sheer weight of which would be enough to devour any star unlucky enough to drift near the emotional event horizon. But before that cataclysmic event occurs (which it will, both metaphorically and literally), we can gather together to simply enjoy each other's company, whether that be through polite discourse, impolite dialogue, raucous cacophony, or playing cards. Maybe we could play some tunes, too. Regardless, these various endeavors, simple as they may seem, are the backbone of civilized and necessary society. Without salons, symposia, or saloons, our minds decay until we become beasts that ravage each other in the streets, just like that Star Trek episode where Troi becomes a weird amphibian and Worf becomes a crazy venom-spewing animal. If they only had a symposium to attend, or some beers with friends, all of that could have been avoided. Regardless again, we must all do our best to enjoy the final throes of the shrovetide, and ride it into a bright and wonderful tomorrow in which we have flying cars and bionic laser-eyes. 

With this incredibly mundane goal in mind, we will make a bunch of chicken (and maybe some other type of protein), a salad, and some rice or quinoa. Please feel free to bring other sides, salad accoutrements, dranks, snaxxx, or otherwise! As for when to arrive, I would say 7:30 feels like a good time to me, so let's all say 7:30. If you have any questions or concerns, please bring them up with your pastor. I ain't got time for that shit.

May your soul never be trapped in a photograph, but if it is, may you fight your way out in a cool story that gets immortalized as a kickass graphic novel and then on film with you being portrayed by a young Jeff Goldblum or Michelle Pfieffer, though Hollywood would prolly cast someone younger and more relevant for today's audience, and you get help from a scientist named Clive Tadhunter (who is a real person, but whose name needs to be a fictional character of some sort, and he could prolly have a whole spinoff for himself as a cyberpunk hacker detective),

Lissendaff



You say, "Go slow." I fall behind.

He felt it seeping into him, dragging him down, like an interminably slow sludge riptide. He shook his head, trying to clear out the fog that crept into his vision, but that only made a wall appear. Pushing off, he tried to right the ship, but his legs felt tacked on, swinging unbidden and feeling alternatingly heavy and light. He knew he had to keep going, to get...somewhere. There had to be somewhere, right? He came into the hallway, and it led to something, and that's what he needed. Or it was. 

The lights began to bear down, forcing him toward the ground with their overwhelming conical pressure. He covered his head, feeling the weight of the light, trying to move forward, forgetting why. All he knew was everything felt hostile, but forward was good. He could almost make out a door, but the light kept his eyes from truly seeing. He crawled, hand cupped over his eyes, elbows scraping across the dusty floor, and heard a faint sound. Was it a breeze? A soft exhale? A collective sigh from everyone that had just previously exited the hallway? His teeth ground together as he strained to hear.

Yes. Yes it was.

So....come over tonight? Lis and I are stuck working today, unlike many of you lovely people, so we's gonna have people over the yooj time. We're gonna make some pork tenderloin and chicken, as well as some sort of red lentil/kale/onion thang. If peeps would bring salady thangs and/or snacky thangs, that would be downright delightful. Bebidas are also always welcome. So see ya soon, ya?

Smewch after smewch,
Lissendaff



Merry Monday in the Month of the Pearl

Beauties and beaus,

As we are beset by tempests in this brief but harshest of months, let us recall that these blizzards also act as a rite of purification. It is necessary for us to be buried under feet of blinding snow, so that we can subsume its purity and become more honest and loving version of ourselves. Why else would the holiday branded to honor virtuous love be placed smack dab in the middle of what otherwise would be a frozen hellscape? We are constantly reminded that the world is a cruel and harsh mistress, forever punishing us for our mistake of being born weak and soft. I, for one, will no longer huddle within this soft shell, desperate for warmth, light, and camaraderie. No! We must come together and fight back that which would try to smother our human progress! 

And what better way to fight than to hang out indoors and stuff ourselves silly? We will make a big ol' thang of shepherd's pie, and a veggieful version for any veggietastic friends that are coming over. Please feel free to bring over any snacks, dranks, or salady/side thangs you may desire. Please let us know if you's comin', so we know how many bigass cassarole dishes we gon' make. 

Wielders of Hoarfrostbane,
Lissendaff



Why dontcha come over and see me some time?

Good afternoon friendly folk, 

I think today is a perfect day to hang out and discuss what we like about each other. To facilitate the warm feelings, we're gonna make a big ol' pot o' chili. If peeps wanna bring scallions, chips, bread, any other thang that's snacky or sidey, that would be downright delightful. Please come on ova at the yooj time!

With fondest well-wishes and adoring admiration, 
We remain, 
Lissendaff 



Home is where the hangs are.

Dearest compatriots and multi-hyphenates, 

As the warm January rains lash across our brows, we remember days when snows still came and blanketed the surrounding landscape; mother nature doing her best to blot out the sun and drive us mad in the closed-in darkness of our homes. But instead we went out and built snowmen and forts, creating walled metropoleis from which to wage snow war on our similarly stir-crazed neighbors. The godless among us would lay on their backs, making false idols in the snow, wretched abominations made to gaze directly at God seated in his domain and mock his frigid majesty. While these blasphemous idols were then likely used as places of power where innocents were slaughtered in honor of these false deities, it was all done in good fun. The main takeaway should be that we forged ahead as a people, and made lemonade snowcones out of pee-snow. We need not be reborn as a phoenix from the ashes! We can come together to plan the long, slow, Sisyphean task of fighting against radical fatuity. To that end, let us make new beginnings!

As I'm pretty sure all of you know, Lis and I have a new house! And we're pretty much unpacked enough to have people hang on Monday nights again. Really, we just missed having y'all over, so please pardon the ridiculous amount of stuff haphazardly tossed around the joint. In order to christen the new locale, we will stick with the old stand-by of tacos and/or burritos and slaw! We're gonna have chicken, beef, and black beans for filling purposes. 

If some of you lovely people would be so kind, it would be of immense help if people could bring corn taco shells, burrito wraps, salsa, sour cream, and guac/avocados. Any other things that you'd like to bring are also welcome, mobviously. Please let us know by 5:30 if you can bring sumpum, cos imma pick up what isn't claimed on my way home. Ears regardless, we can't wait to see your beautiful, glowing faces.

Same Monday time, new Monday location: 12 Denton Terrace, Roslindale, MA 02131.

With the deepest feelings of admiration and love,
From now until the ends of the Earth and back again,
We remain,
Yours forever,
Lissendaff



A Return to Innocence, Part II: The Uninnocencing

Dearest ladies and gentlemen, 

I pray that you had as delightful a time as I did ringing in the new! I sincerely hope that everyone continues to have more than their fill of 'chos, 'daes, and corpses of the exquisite (and solely written) variety (unless, of course, you're planning on making your foes become corpses, in which case I will need more details, but am more than likely on your side). I look forward to a year of many more wonderful celebrations full of raucous Dionysian soireés in new, exotic locales where we sing and dance and laugh 'til we're hoarse and sore and hoarse again. We will overwhelm and consume all that is negative with an ebullience that has heretofore ne'er been seen; a tidal wave of friendship and generosity, with an undeniable, untethered undercurrent of liberal sexual release. 

But before these wonders can take place, let us turn around and close a crackerjack chapter of our lives. Yes, as most of you are aware, tonight is the last Monday hang at 31 Burroughs. Help us send off the old and turn to the new by gorging ourselves on a traditional go-to of pasta and meat sauce or no-meat sauce. We need to carb up and lift weights to be sufficiently prepared for the mysterious future. But (wo)man cannot survive on simple carbohydrates alone! We would be immensely grateful if any or all of you would bring broccoli to roast or salady thangz. Oh, and because simple carbs are the best, if anyone wants to bring bread for sauce-sopping, I wouldn't kick ya out of bed for eating crackers. I think I'm using that phrase correctly. 

We're gonna be running errands a bit this early afternoon, but if peeps wanna hang starting at 5ish, I think that would be just dandy. Also, I'm recording the out-of-doors ice hockey game if people want to watch that in the background. If not, I will request that you close your eyes while it's on. We will put braille on any cheese, crackers, or other snacks that may be present, so learn braille today, if you can. 

Nostalgic smirching, 
Lissendaff 

I feel like I said crackers a lot. Sorry about that. 



The most dangerous Monday email

Friends I hope you all had a wonderfully solemn and respectful and retrospective holidays whether they be Christmas Diwali Hanukkah Kwanzaa snowflake day or otherwise and that you've been Livin It Up n Livin La Vida Loca for those of you that are around this evening I hope that you would join us insulet continuing the celebrations and enjoying some latkes and other tasty treats feel free to come on over at the regs time we hope to see you this evening 

Spoken smooches, 
Lissendaff 

P. S. Voice to text if two dubs! 



To you from me, Pinky Lee! Lo siento, Francés!

Hallua friends! 

As you may or may not be aware, today is Monday. It also turns out to be a landmark day in the mundo d'Lissendaff! We have officially become Rozzy Rats. All we need are some flyass leather jackets with appropriate logos/colors. Come celebrate this momentous occasion with us! For our part, we will have potato leek soup, pork tenderloin, some type of fish, and farro! If any or some of y'all could bring veggies or salad stuff that would be awwsAm. 

Smooshiepashie, 
Lissendaff 



Hey! You! Get into my apartment! Who me? Yes, you!

Friendlies! We're gonna do that Monday thing. You should come over and hang out. We's gonna make a bewtyload of pasta and meat sauce (and non-meaty sauce for those of the non-meaty persuasion). If you wanna bring veggie sides or bready sides or heady snides in commentary form, please feel free to entertain your every desire. I cannot wait to spend an evening with you all. I miss you all soooooooooooo much. 

Asmewch, 
Lissendaff 



If Monday be the food of love, moon on.

Friendlies!

I hope that your long weekend was full of eating and happy times with family and friends. But why must those wonderful times end? Why does anything have to end? I believe the secret to immortality is gluttony and hedonism. Let us pursue all the things that give us pleasure in life! In order to switch things up from the turkey-centric meals of the last week, we will be revisiting one of our favorite Monday delights: brekkis faux supsup. A large amount of potato hash will be made, as will frittatas of myriad varieties! Feel free to bring ingredients to put in said frittatas or other sides entirely! Please let us know whatcha gon' brang, so I don't get the same ish at Weggy's. 

We are only here to facilitate your pursuit of pleasure, so I refuse to prevent you from doing anything you want, so long as it makes you happy. My self indulgence is your self indulgence, and together we will never die. 

Smewchgiving,
Lissendaff



If you leave me now, you'll take away warmest part of me.

Fronds!

Merry Thanksweek to you all! I hope your rosy cheeks are dimple-deep in some hot cocoa or cider, as you kick back and watch the dusting slowly melt or sublimate, depending on how direct the sunlight is on the patch of snow you happen to be looking at. As the curling tendrils of wakefulness soothe the groggy and abused neural and sinonasal pathways grinding and scraping themselves into a form that can barely be described as functional, let us all remember that it is a short work week, and for that, we can all be thankful. Though that may provide small comfort, that is unfortunately the only kind of comfort my poor human form can provide. However, I will continue to add small amounts of comfort where I am able, in the hope that the universe will accept these comforts as a gestalt, and together they will create an unfathomable reservoir of strength from which we as a species can draw. Wholly in line with this mentality, let us provide warmth and comfort to each other on this solstice day, a day we recognize as when glorious Helios appears to stand still before us, only to slowly turn his back and ride his chariot into the fucking ground for a few months, leaving us wretches to fight the cold and dark with cheap imitations of his radiance. 

So fight on we will! We will not mourn the loss of one shining beacon; we will create myriad beacons of strength and hope! For instance, we will make a vat of chili! Chili is good stuff. Also, Emily's gonna make a bunch of pork, which is also delicious and wonderful. If some people would like to make a salad or veggie sides of some sort, we'll have a well-rounded got damn meal on our hands! 

Let us rage, rage against the willful suicide of Helios and stuff ourselves with seasonally appropriate treats! Also, please feel free to bring booze, as that always helps when raging against the follies of Titans.

Cooler than the other side of the cucumber,
Lissendaff



A brief respite before the crushing gloom.

Dearest friends,

Let us enjoy the delightful weather together while we still can. Dark clouds loom on the horizon, but today the sun has decided to use its last vestiges of strength to provide a beautiful autumnal day. Please join us in reveling in this delightful afternoon and eve before the long winter sets in. We must gather together and build our strength to fight against unknown terrors that live just beyond our vision. A hearty meal will do us all a world of good, and help to sustain us when times and rations become meager. To that end, we will be making a large amount of squash risotto, with crispy diced prosciutto on the side. If people could bring a salad or salad ingredients, that would be just lovely. Any other sides or thangs you wanna brangs would also be greatly appreciated. As always, alcohol is welcomed with open arms and thoroughly encouraged. 

Temperate wishes,
Lissendaff



Hey. We should hang out. You know, friend-like. Netflix and relax.

Rades and Radettes,

I must apologize in advance. A weariness has overcome me, and in that weariness, a woolen blanket of malaise has fallen over my thoughts, preventing me from coming up with an interesting topic upon which to pontificate. I could discuss the struggle of early Christendom between the docetists and Judaizing of the faith, which was eventually tamped down by the proto-orthodoxy telling each side they were wrong because the other was correct, thus creating the paradox upon which the Christian faith was built. I have a feeling that may be a bit dry for a Monday email. 

Regardless, I will struggle onward, knowing that you, my dear friends, will grab the blanket of lassitude and deftly remove it, leaving the flowers standing amidst my unencumbered thoughts. Then we can celebrate each others' company as we have so many times before! So let us plan to do just that. We will be making beef and chicken tacos/burritos, and also a bunch of cole slaw. We will also have black beans and rice. Please feel free to bring any snacks or accoutrement you find worthy, and you know dranks's always welcome.

May your Mondays conclude in an exemplary fashion,
Devotedly yours, now and forever,
We remain,
Lissendaff



May all your autumns be a false summer.

Nearest and Dearest,

Let us rejoice! We have survived the first killing frost. Hoary mornings sought to break our will and shutter us in our homes long before true hibernation season, but a voice in the chill solitude cried out, "Nay! There is too much year left! Our will to hang out with friends will not be quashed by a few crisp evenings!" And by sheer force of will, that being was able to thrust a gypsy summer upon us. Come, join us in making the most of this seasonal oasis! Let us relive the bucolic days of our youth, when we would frolic among the heather, startling grouses and cavorting about, until breathlessly collapsing, gazing up at the clouds to see the beautiful scenes hidden therein: an emperor moth having a dance-off with a monarch butterfly for supremacy of the lepidopteran skies; a young bunny leaping over a babbling stream; a mass of frozen crystals caused to condense due to atmospheric instability and/or varying amounts of convective activity; or a puppy dog with a lolling tongue. 

To foment our congregant reverie into an orgiastic summertime bacchanal, Ben and Mae will be taking over the kitchen, barefoot, one hopes, and will be providing delectable foods with a distinctly Indian flavour profile. A red lentil dish is in the works, as is some type potato/cauliflower thang, both of which will convince you that you have lived many lives, but didn't truly know deliciousness until this eventime. I believe there will be another appy or salad thang, but please feel free to ask Ben and Mae what else would be appropriate/appreciated/aggrandizing. Feel free to come on over at the yooj time for some not yooj food and hangage!

Deferentially yours, now and forever,
Lissendaff



Boring Monday Email!

Hey friends, 

I slept in hard this morning and want the  get this email out so that the American people will know that despite what you may have heard during the debate last night, Monday nights will continue unabated. I pledge to all of you, we will be having food and hanging out, no matter what my opponent tries to insinuate. However, we're not sure what we're having tonight, so let us know of you're gonna be coming, so we can make an appropriate and wholesome meal. Remember, Mondays ARE great, and with your support, we can make them an even better time and place to hang. 

Solemnly situated in the righteous loveseat of friendship, 
Lissendaff 



Everyone look under your chairs! You're all getting a happy new year!

Compatriettes and gentlebros,

It is easy to look at the ending of something and despair. One can look upon the past and lament over the time wasted, like that time this morning I found out that Pope Callixtus III excommunicated Halley's Comet, only to find out that is just a myth, which is sad, cos more comets should be excommunicated from the Church they love so dearly, or one can regret missed opportunities, such as that one time you didn't write the next great American novel, as it was only published on a small press in Thiruvananthapuram. Things over which to bemoan are depressingly plentiful, and work as a simple trap that will mire you in a fantastically whirling eddy made marshy quicksand, if you can imagine such a hodgepodge. I bet there are spiders in there, too, somehow. 

But despair not, dearest friends! As the saying goes, when life sucks you into an inescapable whirlpool of melancholy, Ahura Mazda opens an interdimensional portal at the bottom, transporting you to the relative safety of a new beginning! In just that way, we would like for all of you to come over and celebrate Rosh Hashana with us. As you are all likely aware, we gon' make a whole lotta brisket, matzo ball soup, salad, and have other thangs like apples and honey to ring in the new year! Feel free to bring farm share stuff for the salad or other tasty treats. 

Unlike the usual Monday slapdash job we do, we want to make sure we make a proper amount o' brisket for all of you. So right now, the yesses for brisketing are as follows:

Lissendaff
Rach
Matt
Brian
Kristen?
SammyN
SJ
Andrea
Lauren?
Ben
Mae
Tizzy-WHAT!?!?
Sarahdubs
Jer
Kyle
Orla
TJ?

We will obviously have veggie friendly foods in sufficient abundance, as well. Please let us know if you would like to be added to the list, cos we do have plenty o' brisket we can make! Also, please confirm whether or not you're coming if your name has been besmirched with a question mark. Come on over at the yooj times, and we can sing traditional Rosh Hashana carols and celebrate as a great, big, happy, hungry family!

Fresh start smewches,
Lissendaff



All my rowdy friends are back for Monday night

Lords and Ladies,

After months of ridiculous side stories and grueling monotony, we have finally come to that time of the year. The months of planning, spending millions of dollars, building a team, polishing everything to a focused point to take on the competition are finally getting put under the bright lights in front of a roaring crowd. So polish up your podia and talking points, cos it's debate time, babay! 

Yes, seasonal affective disorder's coming early this year as we pit white power versus power suit in a no-holds-barred, knock down, drag out shouting match that will in no way be moderated. Prepare yourself to learn nothing and not have your mind changed in any way! In order to feed the outrage fire building in the pit of stomach, we will have burgers from Bristen, along with bacon (and maybe eggs) to add much needed protein to fuel the yelling muscles. We will have cheese to assist with bone density, in order to prevent stress fractures from clenching every muscle in your body. Sausages or hot dogs will also be provided should you require additional protein or want something to hurl at the screen. For those of you not on the meat-only diet, we will also have a salad of some sort. Feel free to bring other sides, snacks, or ish for the salad (just not lettuce, we have all of the lettuce in the world). Drinks are always welcome, and will likely be necessary this evening.

Please come on ova at the yooj time, so we can all give each other strength for the trying times to come. 

Finding solidarity in confusion, depression, and outrage,
We remain,
Lissendaff



FreshLunes

Hey kiddos and kiddon'ts, 

Most of us spent a lot of time together this weekend, reveling in the aural delights of bluegrass and bluegrass-adjacent tchunes. Some may feel that a little time away to collect ones' thoughts or taking some time to relax in your local sensory deprivation tank would be the best way to recharge after an exciting weekend. However, due to my crippling separation anxiety disorder, I must request that we hang out once again, so as to assuage my irrational fears of kidnap and/or Casino Royale-style torture (I'm gonna say prolly NSFW, but I don't know what your work sitch is like, so feel free to roll them dice). 

Because we have all barely been home, we're gonna do Monday night up as if our parents have been too busy with work, or your dad's away on bidness, and have brekkis faux supsup! We're gonna make some frittatas, have some potato/onion/kale hashesque thang, and pork roll. We will also have out lots of chips to snack on, so please bring a healthy appetite. We have a bunch of beer left over, as well, so bring a healthy thirst. As always, feel free to bring other sides or accoutrements. I do not believe myself to be judge, jury, or executioner of your yums, to adapt and paraphrase a truly wise lady to the point of unrecognizability, but I will be your sous chef if ya needs me and needs be. So come on ova at the yooj time. Please let us know if you can make it, so I know if I need to stop to get a few more eggs. Otherwise we'll all starve, and that would make everyone sad and dead.

Smooooooosh,
Lissendaff



Atony! Atoni! Atoné!

Friends!

I apologize for the lack of pomp and/or circumstance for this Monday email. I foolishly tried to get some shite done this morning, and I let that get in the way of my most important job. None of you will never know how truly sorry I am for letting this happen. In an effort to try and absolve this stain of guilt, which weighs upon me as no other burden or prior sin has and sullies my very soul, I will make approximately 3 lbs of "Uncle Dave's Self-Flagellatory 'Guesas." We'll also make a salad and have a few sausages and hot dogs, if people prefer those. Aaaaaand I believe we have 4 veggie burgers, should those be necessary. 

Penitentfully yours,
Lissendaff



An idle idyll or quandarious quarrel?

Compatriots,

Let us all join hands in exultation! We have once more persevered through the various adventures and tribulations faced over the last week and week's end. Now is the time for celebration! We will feast upon the bounty of our local harvest, and carouse to our hearts' content. 

Shall we see faces long absent? Will our general joie de vivre create a blinding aura of happiness that overwhelms the local populace? Or will a challenge present itself that demands we combine our various strengths in order to overcome it? If we fail to defeat that trial, what will become of us? Will we be crushed, not only physically, but mentally and spiritually? Will the light of Monday night be extinguished forever? Or can our heroes overcome this shadowy menace and live on to revel in the joys of friendship and common purpose? Tune in tonight to find out! Same Lissendaff time, same Lissendaff channel.

We're gonna make a squash soup and grill up some chickawns to fuel our problem solving engines. We also have hot dogs if people want 'umz. Feel free to bring any other veggies or grillable thangs or salad or any other item you feel may assist us in the evening to come.

Dutifully yours,
Lissendaff



David III

Friendlies,

Now is the summer of our discontent
To be made glorious fall by tilt of orb;
And all the 'noons melted by solar furnace
Will wane to gentle and breezy caresses.
Now are our brows overrun with exudation;
Our drenched clothing hung up as banners;
Our moans of exhaustion seared from our throats,
Our shindigs burnt short in the light. 
Nightmarish Helios scorched our youthful mien;
And still, dons arms of blazing radiance
To crush we puny behind our exhausted A/Cs,
But he will tire of his fiery raging
To waltz delicate upon ashen foes.
But I, that am not built for tropical temps,
Nor made to sport fashionable swimming trunks;
I, oversteeped in libation and excesses
To recreate among Adonises;
I, whose diaphoresis is world renowned,
Curst by hyperthermic temperament,
Hoarse, uneasy, plodding through the days
Until a lighter air, barely noticed,
Whispers upon the sodden brow to lift
The ardor of a downtrodden spirit;
Why, I, in this blistering, austere month,
most ill-suited at seizing the day,
unless that be to while away at screen
or duel passionately in Smash or 'hole:
And therefore, I shan't be an Olympian,
To awe the world with godlike spectacle,
I am determined to prove a hackney
And write drivel whilst seasons wax and wane.

Please come on ova at the usual time! We're gonna have some homemade pico with poblanos from the backyard and we have some sausages and hot dogs to grill. We have some salad ingredients, but if people have extra lettuce or other salad veggies, please bring 'em! Any other grillable thangs are always wonderful, mobviously. Booze is great, too. See ya in a few hours!

Smewchriffically,
Lissendaff



“Galinations 6:20 says: Lo, that the hi will be 92, with the sun quarter-easterly out of the real mountains, but not the fake mountains, they bringeth rain, and rain be the giver of life, and Life is a game we all play by Milton Bradley Brothers.”

Comrades,

The world continues to turn despite our best efforts. As we come to the latter half of valiantly staring down another Monday, let us join together in celebration and friendship in order to solidify our mutual enterprise. That being, of course, the complete destruction of hunger, loneliness, and discomfiture. While the first two may be quite simply and readily remedied in our own circle this eventime, the ruination of the lattermost is necessary to break through the bonds that prevent us from reaching the apex of human experience. I can think of no better way to eradicate any modicum of bashfulness than a no holds barred hug orgy. And while we common citizens do our part to perfect the human experience in our own communities, we can watch as the most perfect physical specimens our labs can put together vie for world domination. Or women's rec basketball league domination.

We will have salad and grill up some chickachickawn, and we may have some other food that is unknowable beneath the fog of war. Please let us know if you would like to bolster our reserves with sides or grillable thangs. In my estimation, the yooj time will work just fine. However, if you want to get in some extra hugs, let us know.

Fervently wishing for your continued health and vitality, 
Your most humble and ardent admirer,
Forever and always,
Lissendaff



Home Sweet Home

Friends! 

Our 's throughout the untamed wilderness of Seattle and Vancouver are over at last. Please come over so we can be revitalized by your lovely faces! We don't know what the food sitch is, but I've been told that some peeps are taking care o' that biz. I  must now nap until you arrive. The yooj time is great. 

Smewcheez, 
Lissendaff 



Anyone for an ice water bath?

Friends!

It is rather warm out. As has been proven myriad times throughout the years, usually through torturous experiments, this makes it hard for the brain to string together cogent thoughts. However, this adversity can also cause brilliant flashes of ingenuity. The indomitable, sweaty human spirit has led to wondrous inventions, such as hats with solar powered fans attached or retractable awnings. I don't think anything else has been made that helps. But we persevere. With that in mind, we will do our part by only serving some hot food. Namely, we will grill up some sausage and peppers. In addition, we will make a chilled summer squash/zucchini and fennel soup. If you have extra squash or zucchs from farmsheez, please let us know and bring them awn ova! We'll also have some other veggies and prolly a salad. Please feel free to bring whatever else you want, and we can all enjoy some ice cold bevvies, as well. I look forward to hopefully sweating as little as possible in your company. 

Smewches like a cool breeze,
Lissendaff



Abre los ojos, ovejente!

Gentle and dear friends,

Another cool July day greets us, thus proving that global warming is a fucking hoax. Maybe now those goddamned hippies and their new millenial allies will shut their damn yaps about how the world's going to end because people don't care enough about the planet. You know what I care about? Dominion of the land, and all that resides within it. As THE LORD promised to us. Subjugation is our right as humans. As inviolable as the right to bear arms. Maybe more so, but I doubt it. And that's a right written in the CHRISTIAN BIBLE. Not some lie written in squiggles by terrorists hundreds of years after Jesus told us that we are right.

Between you, me, and Jesus as a holy fly on the wall, I think giving in a single inch to these crazy liberals is dangerous, and is the reason the terrorists are winning against our softie-in-chief, who'd rather have a terrorist middle name than attack RADICAL ISLAMICS. Also, he's brainwashed Hillary Clinton to love terrorists, and will probably give them all our jobs, after she's emailed them the nuke launch codes from her personal email. She also conspired in Benghazi, if you recall.

So in honor of the world going to HELL while good Christian folk suffer and everyone else gets a goddamned handout and free cellphones, let's have some hot dogs, salad, and zucchini fritters. Another TRUE PATRIOT and compatriot of mine, Ben, is going to bring some good old fashioned ribs. Please feel free to bring more meats or other thangs to grill, as that probably won't be enough to satisfy everybody. Booze is also welcome, cos after Obummer and Hil-lie-ry take our guns, they're coming for our liquor. Even Jesus was pro liquor, if you recall. See y'all 7:30ish. Pamphlets will be on the table for anybody to take.

Fervently, patriotically yours,
Lissendaff



A Little Fall of Snow or Who you callin' illegitimate?

Friends,

A time of reckoning has come. We each must emerge from out of the shadow of our dubious parentage and take what is rightfully ours. This will not be easy. In fact, most of us will die. But that's what feudalism is all about: dying in furtherance of another's family. So who's with me?? Or we can sit back and feast while we watch hundreds, possibly thousands, perish on a frozen battleground. I suggest we do the latter.

We will most likely have chickachickawns, beets, and possibly a lil' caprese action. Please let us know if you will join us, and if you would like to add to the gourmandizing with snacks, dranks, veg, or protein thangs. 

Besmoochies,
Lissendaff



I've missed you so much.

Friends!

At long last, the Monday hang hiatus is at an end. We will finally be together once again, to feel the soothing caress of friendship as we bask in the warm glow of a propane grill. We will consummate our renewed friendship by feasting upon pork medallions, brats, and a grilled eggplant. If you would like to bring something grillable, whether it be a protein of some sor or vegetable, or if you want to bring a side or ingredients for salad, please let us know, so we can supplement accordingly. We cannot wait to be again overawed by your perfect countenances. 

Oh, and I think 7:30ish sounds good, don't you?

The last known inhabitants of Smewch City,
Lissendaff



Little ditty

I forget who else was talking about these particular lyrics other than Ms. Pease, but I know several of us were. Either way, enjoy a lil' comic in your life. 

http://xkcd.com/1690/



Warmth + Friends - Preparation = The Story of My Life

Chums!

Let not the cares of work and old age grind your spirits down to a nub of their former glory. Cast off the unwieldy cowl of responsibility! Come and bask in the glory of a spring renewed, and the promise of a beautiful, green future! Let us gather together in order to celebrate a new beginning. We will partake in the holy communion of friendship both out-of-doors and within, as any of you may deem fit. While we hold no judgments regarding the place and manner of your merrymaking whilst at our abode, rest assured we will brook no argument against all of your lovely faces indulging in conviviality conwego this eventime.

That said, we have no real plan for food! We'll prolly juz grill up some shiz. So let's be only partially spontaneous and let us know by 5:30 if you're coming and if you're gonna bring anything to grill or have on the side. We shall supplement accordingly and ensure that we have a feast worthy of honoring the capture of Joan of Arc. Let us all celebrate Demeter's blessings before we huddle together and are emotionally and spiritually chastised for our indulgence by Game of Thrones.

Smirch,
Lissendaff



See the world! Become a cartographer!

As my paltry fire begins to die down, I will try to finish the tale of how I ended up here, trapped in a dank cave next to a vast ocean. If some other soul is unlucky enough to end up here, they need to know the peril they face, if they live long enough to read my sorry memoir. 

The cabin was truly offensive in every way after three straight weeks of lashing rain and unceasing tumult. It's not that I get easily seasick, or that I'm even sea-averse in any way. On the contrary, I've always jumped at the chance to get on a ship and sail to unknown lands. I've built up quite a reputation as a journeyman cartographer, and you can't let a storm here or there prevent you from glimpsing what could be a most fantastic world, full of undreamt of wonders. In my journeys, I've seen landscapes that would take your breath away by sheer majesty and I've traversed places so strange, one is forced to question whether hallucinogens polluted the region. Hmm...perhaps polluted is the wrong word, as some of those strange lands are also the most beautiful. But I digress. Back to describing the fetid cabin in which I was forced to spend a minor eternity. 

My noxious cell had reached a point of corruption where you can taste the smell. On top of that, the extra dermis I'd collected of grime was not helping the situation. I thought I would get used to it, but each day the environment found new ways to challenge my senses. The rest of the crew was faring similarly, despite their years asea. We could not see farther than two crests off any side of the ship, and our captain was steadily becoming visibly concerned that we would be dashed to bits as the weeks wore on. As luck wouldn't have it, his concerns proved correct, and our ark of shit was thrown into the teeth of what initially looked like the unholy maw of some deep sea creature, but was actually the equally terrifying immovable teeth of the earth itself, shrouding itself in a constant cloud of spray.

As the ship was torn asunder between a rock and a very wet place, I was tossed about like so much piffle and fluff. My arm became lodged in the headboard of my modest bed just before my canterbury sailed across the room, striking me in the head, and I knew no more.

I awoke atop the headboard, bobbing in seas that had finally run the course of whatever virulent ailment had tortured it into a writhing beast for weeks. After carefully extracting my arm from my wooden savior, I was thankful to see I had sustained only a few minor cuts, and I had  some lingering shoulder pain, which I assumed was the aftermath of pain I was blissfully unconscious for. I then looked up, and just at the edge of my vision, I saw another blessed savior, a small, grayish ray of hope. I kept my eyes on the bird and began kicking steadily, hoping that I wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting some delightful new creature that happens to find human legs a delicacy.

After traveling in that direction for a day, I spied land, and was able to drag my exhausted nigh-corpse onto dry land. I luxuriated in the sun, exalting in the warmth until I felt I could move my limbs again. Once I felt like walking was an option, my stomach graciously reminded me that there was other business to attend to. Thankfully, the beach was large and had many small pools full of tiny ocean creatures easily caught. There was also an abundance driftwood that had dried out long ago, so I was able to make a fire for myself. I grabbed some seaweed, as well, and put together a rather excellent dish. I couldn't help but laugh at my luck, not only surviving, but basically landing in what could only be described as a pretty sweet vacation spot. I curled up next to my firepit and slept, dreaming the horrible nightmares of posttraumatic stress. 

When I next awoke, I decided to inspect my surrounding a bit, and I found that one of my large chests, full of drafting materials had followed me like a faithful mutt. I rejoiced at my luck again, knowing that if I could get my bearings and slowly make my way around the area, I would hopefully find some other people, and having my materials would keep my mind sharp, preventing the madness that would otherwise seem inevitable. 

As I walked along the beach, I was struck by its impressive amount of what smallish, dune-like mounds. They were spaced at fairly regular intervals, which was curious, but it could easily be the local winds and soil underneath caused this. After walking several miles in the bright sunshine of day, I returned to my camp, ate my fill of the tidal pool's bounty, and took up my pen and paper.

The following morning, I traveled in the opposite direction, finding much the same landscape, including the peculiar mounds. As the day wore on, I noticed a fog rolling in rather rapidly, which could be the front of another storm. Knowing the weather in this part of the world is nothing to be trifled with, I decided to look for cover until it had passed. I was too far from my camp to grab my materials, but they were locked in my chest, and should weather the storm without any issue. I saw a small promontory not too far away, and ran toward it, hoping for some type of shelter. 

As the sun became blocked out, I noticed that the fog was not simply rolling in from the ocean. It appeared to be flowing out from the beach itself. In fact, the hillocks looked like small volcanoes, oozing forth wispy tendrils of fog in random directions. While this seemed odd, I figured I'd investigate it another time, as I was not far from a small cave nestled in the outcrop of rock. I picked up the pace just a bit as I got closer, when suddenly my right foot snagged on something and I fell face-first into the sand. I assumed it was another piece of driftwood, until I realized it was encircling my leg and gripping tighter with each passing second. As I looked down, I realized the fog emanating from the beach itself had somehow solidified and was trying to drag me back to its hill. Frantic, I cast about for anything that could help. I managed to reach a rock and began smashing into the tendril as hard and as quickly as possible. After several strikes, I managed to sever the tendril. Bizarrely, the segment still wrapped around my leg seemed to dissipate. I stared, dumbfounded for another second before I was able to shake myself out of my shocked reverie. 

Scrambling, stumbling, winding, jumping, anything to continue forward and avoid the rapidly expanding nightmare fog, I reached the cave without further incident. For some reason, the grasping arms would not reach into the cave. I didn't trust this hypothesis, of course, so I spent the next who knows how many hours hyperventilating, wide eyes gazing into an impenetrable fog. 

Eventually, the sun burned through the remaining gray shroud and I peeked my head out of my hiding place. The beach showed no sign of the horror from the day before. I couldn't bring myself to step on the beach itself then, so I gather small pieces of wood and some food and sat in the cave, wondering if this is where I would die. 

Two more days I looked out across the beach, and nothing had changed. All was still, picturesque. I knew if I stayed put, I would eventually go hungry, lose my mind, or both. I resolved to get back to my camp, see what remained, and bring back my materials if I could. My heart beat nearly out of my chest as I sprinted across the beach, grabbed what papers and pens I could, and sprinted all the way back. The following day, I ventured out once more to gather as much driftwood as I could. Then another fog rolled in. I pressed my back into the furthest recesses of my small grotto and waited. The fog again passed.

The next several days, I took to lighting as large a fire as I could muster at the mouth of the cave, hoping the signal would draw some form of help. Two more fogs passed through while I slowly used up all the wood in the area I felt I could reach between fogs. The last fire is dwindling now, and I know that I may not be able to last much longer.

As the fire flickers its last and dies, another fog is stealing across the waves. I shudder and hunker down to try to sleep. Suddenly, I hear a faint cry of "Hello" on the wind. Then followed by another. I convince myself that its just in my head, an aural oasis, or a fever dream borne out of my brain's last attempt at survival. 

But no, clearer now, and more urgent. "Helloooo??" I rush to the mouth of my protection and peer out. At once, I'm elated and terrified. Two people are walking across the beach, taking turns calling out as they stroll along. By their pace, it's clear they simply don't understand the danger they are in. The fog is almost to the beach, and I can feel the despair sink into the pit of my gut. I wave my arms, my hoarse throat making my first yell sound like the croak of a nearly deceased toad.

"Here! Over HERE! RUN! That fog will kill you if you don't!" I bellow with every fiber of my being. 

The two wave back, and relief washes over me immediately. That is until I realize they are laughing at what I said, and have not increased their ambling pace. All I can do is stare as the beach begins to unleash the monster or monsters all around them. 

"Don't let it touch you! It's going to kill you! Please! RUN! It's safe in here!"

I watch in horror as what could be my only hope, or at least some company, become surrounded by atmospheric tentacles. Just when I thought I would see what these mindless creatures would do if given the chance, the couple's hands began to glow, radiating a warm amber light. They continued to walk at a comfortable pace forward, and the tendrils simply parted before them. I sat down in a  heap, not believing what I saw. They strolled up and stood before me, smiling like sea nymphs, or playful gods amused by my astonished expression. 

"You are going to be fine. Come with us, we live nearby, and there is plenty of food to go around. You have nothing to be fear about the beach anymore. We can introduce you to our protector later." The young woman held out her hand, and I cautiously took it. As I slowly stood up, the young man said, "Good lawd, you ain't a pretty sight. Let's get ya washed up and stuff ya full of sawsijjinpips!" I stared at him for a second and then began laughing uncontrollably, until that turned into full-body sobs, which quickly caused me to run out of breath and heave silently. 

I turned to look up at their now concerned faces and said, "Sure. Sounds good."

****

Sooooooo, as you can tell from that story, tonight is a Brian and Kristen takeover Monday night hang! Not only are they shining beacons of wonderfulness, much like the couple that saves the narrator's ass in the above excerpt, but Kristen is providing for us during her birthday week! It's simply too much for our collective friendship heart, it must be near to bursting. They will be making sausage, peppers, and onions, grilled stuffed portobello mushrooms, and grilled pineapple. Please feel free to add to their bounty by bringing sides, snacks, or dranks. Come on ova at 7:30ish, as per yooj! I hope to see you all there, and don't be bashful about letting them know if you'll be coming, so they make an appropriate amount of foodingstuffs. 

Smewches by proxy,
Lissendaff



A Charming Reverie

Hello my nearest and dearest,

I hope this missive finds you well and in good spirits. The days grow ever longer and there is hope that our meteorological fortunes have finally changed for the better. Let us look forward to a bountiful and event-filled spring! May the sun be a beacon guiding you toward our open arms, where we can embrace in the warm glow of verdant love and friendship. Give yourself wholly to a childlike notion of trust and happiness, and disregard the turmoil and uncertainty of the outside world! 

And to further immerse ourselves in the proper mental space, we will consume that most childlike of meals: grilled cheese and tomato soup. Please bring your favorite bread, cheese, or other ingredients for the smammiches. Other snacks n' dranks are, of course, always welcome. 

After feasting, when we are all full to the brim with bread and cheese, glowing like sated putti, I will smash our idyllic world to pieces. Like Azazel corrupting all the world by teaching Man of weaponry and the beautifying of the eyelids, I will unveil the latest episode of Game of Thrones, and all hope and beauty that together we strove to recapture will be dashed against the rock of gritty fantasy television. But I bet it'll be highly entertaining. Also, the ladies will get to see Jon Snow a bunch more, so don't forget to beautify up those eyelids. Word on the street is antimony works well.

Please avail yourselves of our hospitality at approximately 7:30. I cannot wait to travel the full breadth of human experience with you all this eventime. 

To me ascribe all sin,
Lissendaff



A dreadful haze looms. To arms, brothers and sisters, to arms!

Greetings, dearest friends. 

I come before you bearing what may seem to be grave tidings. While I am not one for prophecy, the oncoming storm has all but appeared on the horizon. I know we are in the midst of some dreary days, and the dreariest are yet to come, but that is why we must fight. We must fight so that in the end, all can revel in the goodness and the Light. 

I know many of you feel that you cannot or will not fight. The threat may seem remote, so why risk our skins against a peril that may amount to nothing? Or, as may be the case with several of you, violence may be generally abhorrent. To a certain extent, I agree. But these are days when we must dig deep within ourselves and view the possible outcomes in the starkest light. Our future, and our children's future, could be suffocated under a dark cloud of pure evil.  Envision a world where people cannot move or make a sound without being subjected to cruelest torment. That is what I see when I close my eyes. Darkness. Screams. Anguish and ruination. I cannot and will not stand by. I will strike out at that which tries to end us. I will rage against any that try to eradicate our way of life. There is a brighter day tomorrow, but not unless we take it for ourselves.

Everyone willing and able to join our righteous cause will be given a task that best utilizes their skills. Some will be our warriors. A regiment of fury, a holy wind that will scour the impending evil from our world. Others will be our backbone, and will succor our efforts by maintaining all that we hold dear, and providing the necessary supplies to fuel our just cause. No matter what you do, know that you a vital part of noble enterprise, and together we will secure a safe and beautiful future.

For those that still may be hesitant, know that we have been lulled into a false sense of security. But soon the battle for our planet will begin, and we must be ready. Tonight is the impetus of our glorious campaign. We do not have much time to prepare, as our ancient enemy has already begun to stir. Murmurs of their movements are in the wind, and I will not be caught with my pants down. We will assign roles to all that raise their fist in defiance to the darkening firmament, and together we will begin turning the mighty gears of war. 

Our task begins by familiarizing ourselves with battle techniques via video. We will then discuss various basic tactics and drill for several hours. I am hopeful, but it will be a hard road. Cicadas do not kill themselves, after all.

In order to make sure our bodies are in peak condition for the upcoming war and put a fire in your belly, we will provide a hearty chili. Feel free to bring chips, sides, or beverages as you see fit. If anyone wants to grab scallions, that would be greatly appreciated. Report to our barracks at 1930 hours. 

Again, I do not relish what lies before us. But I know in my heart if we allow these arthropodal terrorists to run roughshod over us again, this may be the time that they choose to stay in our realm, and will inevitably spell our doom. Man and 'cade cannot live side by side. I expect you all feel the same. See you tonight. If not, know that you may have cursed us all.

Smewches,
Lissendaff

post scriptum: In order to properly prepare mentally and spiritually, some inspiration.



L + R = DMG

Friends! The long wait is over, and the game is once again afoot! All our burning questions will undoubtedly be answered in short order, and we'll enjoy a nice, happy ending. Or this season will consist of each character doing the walk of shame into a plaza, where the whole cast will perform the Thriller dance completely nude. At least that's how my fanfic ends.

Ears regardless, please come on ova at 7:30ish for some matzo ball soup, salad, and roasted chickachickawns. So come, eat your fill, and sate your bloodlust by proxy. For those in need of a refresher for where all our favorite characters are, Brian is happy to provide a 15-30 minute rundown of everything that has occurred in the show up to this point, and then be called a nerd by his neighbor. Feel free to bring over snaxxx, dranxxx, or spanxxx. 

Smewches,
Lissendaff



Do not simply seek a port in a storm, seek the port that created the storm.

Gentlefolk,

There comes a time in every person's life when everything seems upside-down and inside-out. Black is white, day is night, and supersolids are superliquids, climbing up the walls of our minds, spilling out our aural canals in inexhaustible fashion.

While most would seek to grasp ever more tightly to tradition, and impose their will on all that surrounds them, I say give in to the madness! Allow yourself to be pulled into the churning oblivion by the riptide. Lean into absurdity, and slowly discover that by allowing it to become a part of you, you will no longer feel helpless and out of control. Rather, you will realize it is like a long-lost friend, whose only way to reach out and get your attention was to wildly seek to destroy all that you hold dear, but once they are acknowledged and brought into the fold, they can be a fount of wisdom and help protect your from your true enemies. Remember: He who rides the maelstrom will never be lost within it.

Accordingly, we will give in to our own madness, and provide breakfast for dinner! There will most likely be a couple types of frittatas, a potato hash, and pork roll. Feel free to bring either ingredients for those things, or any other sides or dishes you want! Oh, and booze is always fun and good, too. And 7:30ish sounds like a pretty good time, dontcha thank?

Smewcheez,
Lissendaff



A Curious Sojourn

Day 288, deep within the Pwompling Jungle:

At long last, we have found the main object of our prolonged journey through the treacherous wilds of the Greater Philuvian Isles. Frankly, we stumbled upon it while desperately seeking to replenish our meager water supplies. We had given up hope of finding it, looking only to somehow survive our dangerously protracted stay. But just when we had given up hope, there it was: the bizarre and elusive Walluöá of Phlewptzecoatl. 

It truly is a majestic creature. Standing four feet tall, it would be rather intimidating, but its visage is softened by large, inquisitive eyes and a grandiose, dare I say flamboyant, crest. A shock of red, orange, purple, and yellow feathers crown this magnificent beast, a radiant diadem bursting forth from it's rather demure, dun-colored face. An elongated utilitarian beak offsets the gaudy headdress. While perfectly suited for fishing, it is also sturdy enough to crack open nuts, and could easily be used as a weapon, should the need arise. 

The walluöá sits atop two long legs, terminating in very strong talons. Exhibiting a splayed tarsus, the walluöá displays remarkable balance and strength in its legs and feet. While initially we assumed the walluöá's legs were necessary for wading and fishing, it became clear that those gams were put to additional use.

And while these birds are impressive to behold for those reasons, their defining feature, and also most curious, is the monowing. In the center of the walluöá's back is a large, singular wing, extending from just below the banded neck to just beyond the tail. It is hypothesized that the wings of the walluöá's ancestors fused together over time, in order to become a hyper-specialized organ with which to perform their intricate mating rituals. And while it was shocking enough to come across the walluöá in its natural habitat, we did not know we would be given the unbelievable opportunity to witness the full extent of the walluöá mating ritual.

It begins with a female standing on the beach of a lake or pond. Males begin to line up, puffing up their crest and extending their wing, undulating it steadily. The number of males in line along the water increases as the tumult of voices draws additional attention. The males continue to do a rapid leg-shifting dance, while continuing the hypnotic wing wave. While this occurs, the female walks down the line, inspecting each male's dance at distance of only a few feet. The pace of the dance quickens slightly as the inspection proceeds. Finally, once the female has completed her turn, she retreats to a spot in the center of the beach, about twenty to thirty feet from the courting gentlemen, and settles into the sand. 

Once the female is seated, the male at the head of the line, who was also the first on the scene, is reaching a fever pitch in the speed and amplitude of his dance. Suddenly, the male walluöá compacts its body and legs, extends its enormous wing up into the air, looking for a brief second like a sloop at full mast. In the blink of an eye, the walluöá has leapt about forty feet into the air. The bird performs intricate twisting and spinning maneuvers, its parabolic arc leading to the deeper waters of the lake. As soon as the first splash is heard, the next walluöá in line performs an identical dance and leap, the somersaults and spins slightly different but no less impressive. This continues until all the males have performed for the rapt female in the audience, walked back out onto the beach, shaking off the water, and returning to a slower, but still intense, version of the undulating dance. 

While the visual of the mating ritual is breathtaking, another interesting facet is the vocalization that occurs throughout. Once the dance begins, all the males are performing slight variations on a low, chuffling rumble. This builds in intensity as the physical movements do, finally reaching its climax as the bird launches into the air, and not ending the call until the splash of the water cuts it off. It is this distinctive call that the locals heard which gave the rare, bashful walluöá its name. 

Mere words are not enough to describe the feeling of awe one has while watching one of the last colonies of the beautiful walluöá perform their most sacred rite. It is my most fervent wish that we do all we can to protect these lovely and interesting birds, so that we can all revel in the absurdity of nature for generations to come. 

****

If you would like to discuss my journey to Phlewptzecoatl to discover the walluöá and eventually successfully marry into their society, please feel free to come over our house this eventime, at approximately 7:30 PM. We will provide a dinner of pasta and meatballs. Please feel free to bring over any sides, such as salad, veggies, or bread, snacks, or drinks. I look forward to seeing other adventurers tonight!

Smewcheez,
Lissendaff



To Those That Remain

We knew it would be bad eventually. Well, we thought we knew. When it started, everyone cracked jokes and made wise about how it figures that we'd seemingly dodge a bullet only to get punched in the face. It turns out we dodged a bullet to get stabbed in the gut. You know when happens when you get stabbed in the gut? You stay alive, feeling yourself slowly getting colder as excruciating pain radiates throughout your body, but not quite enough to send you into the blissful embrace of shock. Yeah, we thought we'd be all right, but it just didn't stop, and there was no help or reprieve. And now we don't know if there ever will be.

I know I was as guilty as anyone. I relished the mild weather and lack of any major storms. After a winter of spring, an optimistic and naive populus prepared mentally for what could only be a spring that felt like summer. Then spring officially sprung. Too bad we didn't know what was being sprung on us. The winds blew. The snows came. And now we don't know if they'll ever stop.

It started innocently, with a light storm in late March. It didn't even really cause any issues. But then it kept coming. The storms came in waves, resurgent and increasingly violent. As the inches became feet and the winds took down trees and poles, it became clear that we mere humans could not keep up. Still it did not stop. Supermarkets were not only running out of french toast ingredients and batteries, as they always do when there's an impending storm, but as panicked mobs continually swarmed through the aisles, all that remained were ripped open packages and produce too damaged to be eaten. Travel was slow at first, but quickly became too treacherous for anything except the heaviest and/or dutiest of trucks. 

The government projected a face of hope, that we would fight through this and reach a bright, shining tomorrow on the other side. But the fight has been long and increasingly depressing. It may be that this is one we just can't win. A positive mental attitude can only carry you so far in the face of a crushing and mindless opponent.

Eleven months have passed since that initial spring snowfall, and the few people that leave their homes have formed themselves into roving gangs, breaking into homes and businesses, looking to stock up for the foreseeable future. The police are unable to respond to these threats in time, which only emboldens more people to join their local enclave. The threads of society are fraying apart, and it won't take much for the whole damn thing to fall apart. 

I remain hopeful, despite being given no reason to. My stir craziness has become an old friend, forcing me to venture alone into the newly created wilderness. I will gird myself with the weapons of a new age: a shovel outfitted with a semi-automatic rifle strapped to my back; goggles with HUD and motion-tracking infrared sensors; snow shoes; and, of course, flask with detachable vaporizer to fight away the blues. Today I head out to seek particular ingredients, and I know it will not be easy. 

Tonight we will fight back cold with spicy deliciousness! An old favorite to warm our hearts and stomachs. We will make beef and chicken tacos/burritos and slaw! If any of you manage to still have or can find sour cream, guacamole, or avocados, please bring them over to add to the feast. Any other snacks or dranks are always welcome. Please come over at approximately 7:30. I will do my best to fight my way back by then. If you run into any trouble, send up a digital flare, and we'll converge on your location. Tonight is the beginning of a new life, and we will build it together!

Frozen smewches, frewches,
Lissendaff



In nomine Pi-tris, et Filling, et Spiritus Sancti

My dearest friends,

There are two things in this world that will light up a child's smile and brighten her day, no matter what ills may have befallen that her beforehand. Those things are, of course, word play and ancient bases for advanced mathematical and scientific study. Only one time per year are we fortunate enough that these two of our deepest loves are thrust into the foreground where they belong. And that child, who may have just recently lost her pet hamster and is grappling with the concept of her own mortality for the first time, can use this blessed holiday to contemplate on the nature of reality and how we as sentient creatures interpret and make sense of a chaotic and frankly terrifying world. How indeed can a number be not only both irrational and transcendental, but also a homonym for a delicious baked dish? Why would our forebears choose to cram this morass of myriad meanings into such a small linguistic constuct? Is this a clever way to point out that while the actions we take throughout our lives appear to have large impacts and consequences on the trappings of our perceived existence, we are in actuality miniscule parasites on a tiny rock hurtling through a solar system spinning within a galaxy that whirls in the inky void of the universe, upon which we can have no effect. And while this realization may seem disheartening, she will be freed from the weight and pressures of mundane life, and perhaps use this freedom to pierce the veil of our ego-centric reality and lead us to a true understanding of our place in the universe. She can also take heart that both she and her hamster lived in a world with comforts provided by technology based on a constant that, while infinite, has been represented decimally to 13.3 trillion digits, as compared to the ancient Indian and Chinese mathematicians, who could only figure it out up to five and seven digits, respectively. This is why probably why the most noteworthy invention of 5th century China was the horse collar. It was a dark time. I will admit that both cultures prolly made some delicious pie, which would remain delicious as long as you didn't ask about the ingredients. 

With these important thoughts rattling around your noggin, please come on over to celebrate Pi Day! There will be many delicious pies, including all the pies listed here, as well as a shepherd's pie, and a curry roasted veggie pie. If you don't want to make a pie, feel free to bring snaxxx, dranxxx, or other goodies, such as ingredients to make whipped topping for pies. I suggest you follow your nose and/or heart. I can't wait to see you. Please come on over at 7:30ish to revel in delectable baked goods, both savory and sweet! If you need kitchen accomodations for pie preparations, please let us know.

Consider yourself besmewched,
Lissendaff



Squadmates! Heed my call!

Sound the alarum! Festoon the parapets! Unfurl the finest carpet in the land, and cover that carpet in a riot of flowers and confetti! Raise your voices as one and sing to the heavens! A wondrous day is upon us! Our dear, wayfaring lil' t is all-too-briefly returning from her sojourn in the mysterious Middlewestlands to grace us with her presence! Yea, she comes bearing radiant smile and wisdom gleaned from communing with the heart of the buckeye.

Flock to our abode this eventime to savor the time that we are blessed with rekindled, in-person friendship! For, as oxygen to a flame, time and distance serve only to enkindle the embers of our collective affection. Additionally, she will be joined by her bridegroom, who will no doubt regale us with tales of travel to the mythical land of Philos and Delphi, and the river of drink that can be found therein.

Let us commence our celebration of the occasion at approximately 7:30. We will have foodstuffs, though we're currently deciding on the final menu, but please feel free to shower our guests of honor in snacks, drinks, and anything else the spirit moves you to shower upon them! 

Myriad smoochinis,
Lissendaff



Thrust in thy sickle, and reap, for the harvest of the earth is ripe!

My truest and dearest friends,

Today is a most magical day. As the tenuous grasp of winter on our tiny corner of the world continues to weaken, let us shrug off our worries along with our bulky winter attire! Bust out your finest linen or silk onesie and live a little! As we turn to the fiery orb above, the warm caress melting away the cares of brief and forgettable winter. To honor Mother Gaia as she dances eternal 'round the loving glow of Helios, we will feast upon the bounty their perpetual flirtation propagates! 

The fauna can breathe easy on this day of mysteries. While basking in the faux vernal splendor, we will provide our furry friends the briefest of respites. Instead, on this most backward of days, it is the flora which will tremble and endure a great reaping. No plant is safe in the face of the insatiable appetite of man. For it is prophesied that there will come a great woman, and she, in her fearsome grace and munificence, will lay low the fields that seek to overrun this greatest of nations, using her unbounded creativity to transform the ever-encroaching menace into a delectable feast for all that harken to her call. 

Lo! The day of reckoning is at hand! Come to the Lissendaff abode this evening at approximately 7:30 PM to bear witness to our greatest triumph over our most devious of nemeses! On this leap day, we will behold the judging of the vegetables, and they will be found wanting. Mae have mercy on their souls. 

Smewches,
Lissendaff



Gazing into the Abyss

Dark times, indeed. As I sit, warm and comfortable in my apartment, scribbling tirades and dispersing them into the wind, I can feel an oppressive weight bearing down upon me; a dread encircling my heart, caustically searching for weaknesses, until it can force apart even the most staunch defenses and snuff out any light of hope within. While recently blessed with a respite from last week's bitter cold, the unseasonable warmth does little to fight back the encroaching dismay that builds as we all watch a nightmare coalesce in our reality. 

For a while it was all fun and games. How we laughed and pointed at the antics of the petulant child, yammering out hateful vitriol that was not fully formed into coherent thoughts, but pointed in general directions and unleashed as from a fire hose. Could any reasoning adult be swayed by unwavering, illogical rhetoric? The answer is of course yes, because it has worked over and over again throughout history. But we all agreed this time the joke would remain a joke, and sanity would prevail. Well, as I've heard a time or two, that joke isn't funny anymore. I've seen this happen in other people's lives, and now, it's happening in mine. Winter is indeed coming, and we know there will be no quarter given. Let us not wait to let the inevitable smother all hope beneath a spiteful and vicious blanket. Stoke the fires of tolerance and education! A bonfire built on the principles of unity, understanding, patience, and equality can withstand any attempt to usurp our ideals and warp us into soulless wights.

We will do our best to warm your hearts this evening with roast chicken, pork tenderloin, roasted veggies, and minestrone! I encourage any and all to bring the things that you love, whether that be a side, snack, or beverage. Feel free to come over around 7:30, and we will bathe in the light of our friendship! 

Smewches,
Lissendaff



Why is brains weird? MNHN ruminates!

He stares out the window, pale eyes glazed over, two pools of gray pond water murkily reflecting the delicate white falling outside. It's unclear if he cannot or will not move. Looking closer, I can almost see a tiny flickering deep within. A palpable sense of frustration and helplessness, touched with just a tinge of panic barely escapes the seemingly bottomless pit, grasping blindly outward in hopes of finding salvation. 

If I could reach him, could I help him? Or would I end up suffering the same fate? Should risk my life or sanity for this person I've never met before? But I realize as I'm weighing the morality that I have not stopped staring. I feel like I'm getting closer. I strain to turn my gaze to the tranquil snowfall just to my right, but I can't move. It's too late, and I know it. I can only go forward, into the opaque unknown. Somewhere at the back of my mind I know that my only way out is through. I steel myself for the disorienting slide into oblivion and will myself forward.

****

Hello wonderful people! We're gonna make tacos and slaw cos it's easy and being easy can be fun sometimes. Feel free to bring over other sides, bebidas, fromage, an unwavering sense of self, or anything else you can think of that would be enjoyable. Sour cream, guacamole, and salsa would be helpful, if anyone could snagar. And I think 7:30ish would be just dandy as a start time for hanging out. 

Challah 'tchaboi,
Lissendaff



Joie de vivre du élan!

Light splays across the mountainside, dappling the snowy ridges and paths, proving that the true majestic beauty borne out of nature's dynamic and often violent temperament can be encapsulated in a name given by our ancestors: White Mountains. What it lacks in creativity it certainly makes up for in accuracy. 

A teenage girl stands at the top of a trail with her father, eyeing the fresh trail before her first run of the day. To her right, she spots the perfect route to start her day. The path leads up to a lip about ten feet above the main chute, angled just enough that she could try out some gnar-ass shite. 

"See ya at the bottom, pah'dooks!" she yelled as she shoved off, rapidly becoming a multicolored spot behind a veil of powder. 

"Wha-? Just be careful!" her father yelled, sighing at how he can barely keep up with her these days. Was he indeed getting too old for this shit? He pushed off, following next to the path being broken by his daughter. He watched as she turned up the side toward the large jump and a lump caught in his throat. He knew she could handle a jump, she'd be skiing as long as she could walk, but he just couldn't stop himself from worrying. 

As she launched into the air, kicking off her right edge, she performed a perfect 720 corkscrew, landing breathless and ecstatic. Coming to a stop off to the side, she called out to her dad, who was already shouting back.

"I did it! I finally did it!" she yelled, jumping up and down awkwardly. "I can't believe I hit that!" 

"I know! It was amazing! You did great, honey. Now let's-" he cut off abruptly. "Do you hear that?"

"No, I don't hear anyth- oh, no." 

A rumble was building that they couldn't quite place. As the blood drained from their faces, they turned to look up the hill. Far above them, they saw what looked like a cloud rapidly coming toward them. The two looked at each other and wordlessly turned to get down the hill as quickly as possible. 

Despite racing down at a breakneck pace, they could feel the weight of the avalanche bearing down on them. Caution thrown to the wind, both father and daughter willed themselves to go faster. For a few seconds, they seemed to be making some progress distancing themselves from the wall of terror crashing toward them. 

As that happened, the girl noticed her father was getting just a bit ahead of her. Even though she knew both of them were skiing for their lives, the last thing she wanted was to lose a race. She made herself as compact as possible and leaned forward as far as she could, trying to overtake her father and, you know, not get smashed and/or buried alive. 

As she started to close the gap, something caught her right ski, and she flipped and landed hard, her skis exploding off her feet. Not that she could notice, as she was rolling down the hill at 60 mph, barely conscious. After several endless seconds, she came to a halt in the middle of the trail and lay still. 

Her father glanced behind him, surprised he hadn't seen his daughter shoot past him and flash him a mischievous grin. His glance caught the skis up the hill, laying far from where he saw his little girl tumbling forward and come to a stop. His heart froze, and he almost fell headlong down the mountain, as well. He managed to stop, and desperately tried climbing up the hill, his senses were overwhelmed by the deafening roar now looming in front of him. 

Before he could reach his daughter, an enormous brown bulk came from seemingly nowhere, screeching to a halt between his little girl and their impending doom. He couldn't believe his eyes as he saw a huge moose stamping his hooves into the snow and face the full wrath the mountain. As he watched, he heard a guttural growl quickly turn into a roar louder than the maelstrom. Suddenly, the avalanche began to part around all three of them, smashing and crushing all in its path, but leaving them completely untouched. 

After what seemed like an eternity, the deluge of snow came to an end, and the man was able to make his way up to where his daughter lay. As he reached her, she slowly came to. 

"What happened?" she asked groggily. "I have no idea. But I'm pretty sure this moose saved our lives."

Turning around, the moose couldn't help but laugh as the two gaped openly at their savior. "Bon jour, mes amis! Quite a scare we all had there, no?" Lighting a cigarette and smoking it underhand, or underhoof, I suppose, the moose stepped toward them and straightened his beret. "Come now, do not be afraid! We will fetch your skis and I will give you a ride down."

"Who, wha-, what the hell are you?" asked the father. "Moi? I am simple moose, who happens to enjoy the finer things in life. And to me, one of the finest things is making sure people stay alive. As for who I am, those closest to me know me as Moostachio. Now, shall be on our way?"

And with that, he scooped up the two people and put them on his back, as he bounded across the broken and battered hillside. 

****

So come on over for the yooj Monday night hangs! We're gonna have some sort of protein, one bootyload of roasted veggies, maybe a squash puree if we feel like it, and rice. Feel free to bring over other sides, snaxxx, dranxxx, and any other of the things. One would assume that 7:30 is a good time to come over, and that one would be correct.

Au revoir pour le momenteetz,
Lissendaff 



For Life and Health!

Friends,

While some of us may be licking our wounds in the stark light of the morning, feeling cold, confused, and alone, I pray you can use this email as a beacon, guiding you back to the warmth and happiness that you so richly deserve. Dwell not on past defeats, but look to new opportunities that can be embraced wholeheartedly and lead to breathtaking new heights of joy and spiritual meaning. 

One such opportunity lays before you. Come to our abode and renew yourself with some hearty chili! Let it ease your pain while simultaneously banishing any thoughts of the arctic winds that seek to bite into our berosied skin and forcibly peel it off our chattering bones. Sit among comrades and let the love and heat wash over you. 

If you would like to assist in this endeavor, things that would be helpful are sour cream, scallions, bread, or any sides, snaxxx, or dranxxx you enjoy. The next few hours will seem interminably long as I wait to see the glow of your faces. Also, the Flyers play the Bruins at 7 PM, so feel free to come over for that or anytime after that. 

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Unlocking Our True Potential

Dearest friends,

Rejoice! The unprecedented has occurred! We are truly living in an age of wonders! We have created the first space flower. We have laceless fútbol cleats. And now, we have two Monday takeovers in a row! I cannot imagine how people lived their lives without this knowledge, knowledge that provides a glimpse into the churning heart of truth deep within our cosmos. 

In order to warm us up for our journey together across the windswept, frozen dunes and into the boiling center of omniscience, Samdrea have made a delectable beef stew, as well as a hearty squash soup, either of which will have the cockles of your heart cockling for more. And we may think, "Sweet baby James, this much delicious food is almost more than the pleasure centers of my brain could possibly handle," Samdrea decide to open-handedly slap the happy off your nucleus accumbens by making pop overs.

Prepare yourself mentally and physically by doing light gymnastics and calisthenics, respectively. I am inclined to think that 7:30 is a good time to come over for snacks, games, idle chatter, and perhaps, if we're lucky, we will peer into the pool of total consciousness and drink deep its waters. Feel free to bring anything you feel will assist in this endeavor. 

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Gaze a Gazely Stare

In the corner, a young man dressed far too well for these grim surroundings, is slumped in a chair, his white-knuckled grip permanently etched into the bottle in his lap. A TV in the corner flickers slowly until suddenly coalescing into the face of a beautiful young woman, reminding us that we could be just as elegant as she, if only we could buy more perfume. The sudden noise rouses the young man, causing a sharp intake of breath, but as the heavy burden of reality settles on him, his movements immediately become slow and deliberate. He squints painfully, his brow creasing in an effort to contain the cacophony threatening to burst forth from his skull. 

His eyes still closed, he takes a long pull from his personal cruet, its contents crossing the event horizon until the dry glass is hurled at the wall behind the TV in anger. A cloud of dust erupts, sparkling like ashen snow in the pulsating glow of the screen. He stands, stretching his arms and cracking his neck, his temples visibly throbbing, and measuredly walks toward the window. Tossing the heavy curtain aside, a violent glare of bright white forces him to stagger backward. The glare haltingly ebbs and reveals a bustling street. People milling around coffee shops, walking hurriedly between obviously important appointments and meetings. A young woman running out of her door, lipstick in her hand and coat still unbuttoned, waving her arms in vain at the bus thundering past. A group of teens, laughing and texting each other as they stamp past a man sleeping in the shadow of the buildings he can't afford to enter.

As he casts his eyes downward, slowly remembering why he wanted that bottle to never leave his hand, he notices a small crease at the edge of the window. The corner seems to have lifted just the tiniest amount. Scratching curiously at the edge, it curls upward just a bit more. Curiousity becomes determination as he realizes the whole window has a bizarre film glued to it. In a few minutes, enough has been peeled to get his whole finger under, then up to his palm. He grips the revealed edge, which is somewhat duller than the shiny scene still playing out before him, and pulls, but it barely budges. He grabs at it with as many fingers as he can, struggling to reveal just a bit more. Frantically, he kicks his foot up against the wall, and yanks with every dulled fiber of his being. With a deafening roar akin to a thousand strips of velcro encircling each ear drum, the window, hysterically denuded of its lively veneer, reveals a shockingly drab view. 

Before him, as far as his bleary eyes could see, lay shambles of buildings, some half-buried in ruddy dunes, others windswept into a grotesque version of Monument Valley. Staring, he felt his knees begin to shake. The cacophony, which he had ignored in his frenetic attempt to uncover the window, redoubled its efforts. Falling to his knees and writhing onto his side, he catches a glimpse of light reflected from a shard of his discarded confidant, as it dances along the outline of a row of bottles hidden on a bookshelf behind the seedy loveseat. Army crawling forward, he looks back at the shimmering glass, to thank it for unveiling an easy way to forget, only know noticing the shard was not alone. It stands on a pile of its brethren, almost as tall as the television. A glittering pile of faux jewels, partially hidden by messages of luxury and class. Was that shimmer an encouragement toward action, or was it simply trying to tell him how to forget?

Before he could determine the alignment of the fractured oracle, the tumult in his head erupted from his lips, as discordant thoughts snapped into vivid clarity. Knowledge pounded into him in unceasing waves. Finally, as his bloodcurdling scream turned into a maniacal cackle, his writhing became an acute rattle, and he knew no more. 

Snapping my eyes open, I gasp at the brightness in the room, breathing as though for the first time. All I can see is a blur of colors, confusing. I can remember something terrible from my dream but can't quite put my finger on it. I shut my blurry eyes against the brightness, and feel my surroundings. I feel a smooth wall on either side and notice small tubes protruding from my nose and mouth. Frantically, I sit up and open my eyes again, trying to slow my breathing, as I draw out the tubes through coughs, and allow myself to focus. 

Bit by bit, it comes into view. A beautiful sunset, light radiating through unknown chemicals in an explosion of purples, reds, and oranges. The soft sound of the sea not far away, somewhere just over the bright green hills on each side. I stand up, take an uneasy step forward, and wonder if I'm alone. I resolve that I'll worry about that later. For now, a light rain begins to fall as I walk forward into this new life. I felt like an actor, walking out into the wild purple yonder, leaving his Ma to seek his fortune. I just hope there's some sort of fortune to seek.

Segue to....
It's a TAKEOVER MONDAY! Benihhanoush will be creating a delectable and exotic meal inspired by the cuisine of India! I know that there will be tandoori chicken and veggie dishes, but that's the extent of what I know. Please inquire with Ben for specifics if he needs anything, but snacks, drinks, and elsewise are always appropriate. Hope to see you this evening. 

Oh no, love, you're not alone,
Lissendaff



The First Hang is the Deepest

Dearest friends!

Harsh winds blow across the hills and dales between us, compelling us to hunker down, bury ourselves under goose down duvets and woolen coverlets, and wait until the promise of spring can rouse us from our frightened, self-inflicted pseudo-hibernation. It is all too easy to succumb to this warm embrace. But this, my brothers and sisters, is a shallow, unfulfilling warmth, which will inevitably lead to an emptiness within your soul that can only be satiated with repeated viewings of childhood favorites, like Muppet Babies or Faces of Death. 

I say no more! This single week of cold temperatures will not beat us! We will not go quiet into our frigid night! We must arm ourselves by embracing that which kept us invigorated and radiant throughout 2015. We will stand together, defiantly enjoying spicy tacos perfectly balanced with crunchy coleslaw!  We will be a beacon of hope to all those who give in to the horror of Seasonal Affective Disorder, burning away the sadness with the renewed and reaffirmed fire of our friendship. But just as Archimedes burning-glass could not work with just one mirror, you can assist our cause by bringing condiments (soured cremes, salsas, havocados, etc.), snacks, sides, or drinks, all of which will serve to focus and amplify the power of our weaponized friendship. 

Our life begins anew tonight at our abode at approximately 7:30 PM. I hope to see you all there, as a fire's magnitude is, of course, exponential in nature.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Holiday Monday

Halloo lads n' lassies,

I know many of ye are headed off into the wild blue yonder to celebrate the various holidays of the season with your families, so tonight will likely be a rather intimate affair. I wish you all safe journeys and splendid homecomings. I also hope everyone is greeted with a white chocolate mocha peppermint martini, garnished with a heart-shaped sprig of mint stabbed through with a candy cane. If this does not happen, I hope you can put on a brave face and struggle through the season anyway. Remember that your brain is stronger than any physical stimuli, and you can probably convince yourself you are lounging in a sauna, leaning back lazily with an ice cold white chocolate peppermint martini that is rapidly melting onto your hand. You tilt your hand slowly, watching the luxurious velvety tendrils run down your outstretched arm, not feeling weird or sticky, but the sultry coolness somehow radiates inward and mixes with the heat from the sauna in a thunderstorm of pleasure that you can barely contain. And you feel this, despite the fact that you are sitting in a room you've sat in hundreds of times and know you should recognize, but dusty boxes of faded memories and piles of wrapping paper in mid-use, interspersed with bags overstuffed with bows make the whole scene feel just a tad surreal, reminding you that your childhood is dead and gone. There is work to be done. Happiness is earned. You will have to face your reality and win the holidays. I do not envy your path, but I envy the true joy you will find celebrating with your loved ones.  You will be in our thoughts, please don't forget us in your jubilant revels. 

For those few left behind, do not despair! We will build a new Monday night hang, one bereft of the hustle and bustle. A Monday where we can solidify our bonds of friendship with deep discussions of childhood trauma and triumph, and work through any current issues with advanced therapeutic painting and interpretive board gaming. 

Please feel free to come over at approximately 7:30. I believe the menu will contain a beef roast with some root veggies, as well as a kale and spinach salad that will have various other things in it, maybe some squash, maybe some apple. There's a possibility of soup, but that portion of the horizon remains hidden from me, as well. As we all know, the truth will out! But at a later time, so cool your jets. Please let us know if you are one of the few gallant souls that remain to watch over the wind-swept plains of Jamaica, so we can make sure we procure the proper amount of victuals.

Pepperminty smewches, 
Lissendaff



Take a long hard look in the mirror. Practice your human emotional reactions. Now you're ready.

Halloooooooah!

Friends, I write today to thank you for being wonderful human beings and helping me survive another year on this tiny mudball to which we desperately cling. My life is immeasurably better knowing you all, and I wish to celebrate you this eventime, by having you come over my house, have some delicious food prepared by Ms. Pease (if you're nasty), maybe some bebidas, and perhaps learn some important life lessons, such as how to best impersonate a dwarf as a world class actor. Please feel free to bring sides, snacks, and boozey thangs! I would suggest directing all food-related questions toward the Peasemaestro, as she is in charge. If any are posed to me, I will stare at you blankly for a couple seconds and then fly into an unthinking bestial rage. Don't worry, no physical violence will occur, I will merely be posturing to scare you off my territory and distract you from my painful and embarrassing lack of helpful information. This will mostly consist of leaf-throwing, stomping, and gnashing of teeth, interspersed with snippets of songs by Cher.

Feel free to come over at 7ish, and we will dance like everyone's watching and we get paid to do it and we know we're the best so goddammit we'll give 'em a show.

Old, dusty smewtches,
Lissendaff



Rumination on the Dream of a Sabbath Night

Today is going to be a good day. I awoke like 5th movement of the Symphonie Fantastique: intially tripedatiuously questioning and worried about the day to come, but eventually becoming bombastically active and running to greet the day. Initial naive excitement lead inevitably toward the forever repeating, deliberate plod through the workday. Flashes of dalliance and frivolity accent the monotony, but I am always dragged back to the slog and peril of the day. The trudge gradually picks up speed, like a boulder being tumbling toward its terminal velocity, until this rush of action brings me not to my inevitable demise, but a jubilant celebration of existence, a triumph over the perpetual marathon through a morass of shit. You are the trophy. You are the celebration and the salvation. Let us join together in joy and continued thanksgiving!

We are going to make pizzas tonight! Out of cauliflower, if you can believe it! Please feel free to bring over your favorite toppings or ingredients. We'll prolly have pepperoni and broccoli, as well as some cheese and sauce. Snacks and booze are also always the welcomest of additions. An arrival at approximately 7:30 would be just dandy. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to periscope them to no one.

Smewtch,
Dave



Commence the Giving of the Thanks!

Dearest friends and passersby within earshot,

Please do us the honour of coming to our home and letting us warm not only your tummies with bowlful after bowlful of turkey and veggie chili with slaw, but also the cockles of your heart with Lovin' Spoonfuls of adulation. If someone would be so kind as to bring a type of bread to enjoy with the chili, this would be greatly appreciated. Our bare breadbasket brazenly boasts its blackholian humour. Let us shut the bastard up by stuffing it full of various deliciousness. Or just one type of deliciousness, I'm not that picky. 

I believe that 7:30 will serve us best as an arrival time. We can all sit down, give thanks to each other, and sing songs by Cher or someone equally talented, like Colm Wilkinson.

Smoochies,
Lissendaff



A Monday Assignation

How long has it been? I feel as though decades have passed, though in truth I do not know. Years? Months? Seconds? Any amount of time without you is an eternity. I cherish the brief windows where I can gaze upon your face and hear your mellifluous laughter, but these euphoric moments are shattered when I reach out and am brutally rebuffed by cold glass, a callous barrier causing you to somehow seem even more distant. 

Let us dash this fragile palisade and rendezvous as we once did! We can sate our longings with an irresistible cucurbita moschata risotto and salad. If in your long journey home you were to come across salad accoutrements, or some other delectable treat, I know the night would be even more spectacular. And, while I feel the warmth of my cheeks increasing at the mere thought, I also know that were you to sneak some spirits in, our evening would be livelier still!

I believe a 7:30 arrival would be safest for all involved. Should there be some dire need, please let me know and I will do all that I can to fulfill it.

With bated breath and fluttering heart,
Lissendaff



The Evening After the Morning After

The banging in my ears is so loud, I can't even think. Where the fuck am I? And why the hell can I actually see the beat of the drums ripple across my eyelids? As my eyes open slowly, I realize it's my own heart roaring in my ears. Also realizing that I can't see anything when I open my eyes doesn't do much to help calm that shit down.

I feel a weight across my back and shoulders. I push against it, feeling it shift ever so slightly. A deep breath, two, three, PUSH! I hear wood groan and crack, followed by a pulpy thud. The pall of darkness pulls back ever so slightly, so I can just make out a door frame in front of me. I look down to my left. The door, seemingly burst off its hinges, lies on the ground, sporting an avant garde uneven-hole-in-the-middle look. Not exactly my style, but I'm sure these people had their reasons. 

Before I can take in more of my surroundings, my eye catches a a liquidy shimmer. Horrified, I realize it's a hand. I jump to throw the door aside, and pull up short. The view greeting me grabs my bowels and tugs with all its might, which could have led to a truly embarrassing scene if my workout regimen did not include a steady dose of pelvic floor exercises. Thankfully, I make sure I warm up, work the floor (or "cut a rug," as the crossfitters say), do my general cardio/weight lift reps, at which point its back to pinning up the downstairs hammock, and then a solid cool-down. Ain't no way I'm losing control downtown. 

Despite my excretal dominance, I can't wipe the shock from my face. The hand freed from the debris is just that, only a hand. The grisly appendage causes memories to flood in: the scratch marks, the ever-increasing rustle of feathers, and finally, the tell-tale menacing cutts. And there it is, lying before me, it's soulless eyes staring deep into the pit of fear in my gut: the Gobbling Dead.

I shake my head, struggling to stay afloat amid the cold waves of terror surging through my mind. As they pass, an island of resolve appears on my periphery. My salvation comes into focus, solidifying in the shape of a pistol grip .30-06.

Hunting season's open, and I'm gonna blow the wattle off every undead Jake, Jenny, and Tom I see. "Time to open up a can of cranberry whoop-sauce!" I defiantly say to my first victim. Thankfully only Steve's arm is around to hear my feeble first attempt at badassery, and recently-re-deceased zombie turkeys don't say insults. I'll make sure I've got something better next time. I'll hopefully get a few in before I triumphantly rescue some poor schmoes with a phrase that'll let 'em know with me, they have a chance to give thanks this month.

With a bullet, 
Lissendaff

P.S. We're gonna make tacos! We'll have ground beef, beans, rice, and slaw. If you wanna bring sumpum else as filling, like another protein or some such else (e.g., salsa, sour cream, guac, or avocados), please let us know so as not to duplicate. Sees ya roundabouts the yooj time!

P.P.S. Rumor has it that we'll have two mystery guests!




A missive from a ship adrift

Captains of the Great ships Affection and Benevolence,

I write amidst a tumultuous riot of swells, the sky repeatedly torn asunder by bursts of unholy violence. We are the unwitting bystander to an ancient brotherly spat, and we may be lost long before either can claim the victory. 

For two days, we struggled along, hoping to bear down and sail steadily through the watery fists batting us about. Despite being enveloped by darkness and relentless upheaval, the men held course, shouting challenges to the very gods themselves to quell their spirits. Sadly, the gods were all too keen to reply. A keg of Her Majesty's finest kill-grief was firmly lashed under the quarterdeck, but it became loosed from its bonds and shot across the ship. Several men working to maintain the mizzen were taken unawares by the hurtling cask and knocked off starboard. A truly horrifying loss of life multiplied by a loss of our only coping mechanism. 

It wounds me terribly that their bravery may go unheralded in the annals of our heroic nautical forebears. They were giants, and it blackens my heart to say that we may end up as grisly decorations on a broken, scuttled reef.

As you can imagine, events have not turned in our favor despite these Herculean efforts. Today, as I stood on the poop, desperately fighting to control the beast beneath me, a bolt shot out and hit the drogue line. In seconds, it sheared off and disappeared into the roiling sea. We have now been forced to drift ahull, unable to even attempt slowing our inevitable descent into oblivion. 

Though we may not know where we will end up should we survive this ordeal, I pray that you do not put your lives on hold for worry over us. I still have hope, though it sputters like the candle I use to write this letter. May our paths meet again on seas of glass, and we'll raise a few to our fallen shipmates.



Grogfully,

Cdre. Lissendaff



P.S. This is also an invitation to our home. Please come on over at 7:30ish. We're gonna do some brekkis-faux-supsups! We'll make some frittatas and oven-browned potatoes. Please feel free to bring veggies you might want in a frittata, or a meat of some kind (if possible, try to bring a meat that hasn't been cured in sugar, though that may be tough). Booze and other sides are also always welcome! Hope to see ya in a few horas!




Friendlies, it's me, Davey, come home. I'm so cold!

Halloa!

You all should come over and warm yeselves with some squash risotto! There will also be hot, sweaty football on the television! We'll also prolly have some salad stuff, but please feel free to bring salad accoutrements or other sides you like, or if there's something you think would bolster a squash risotto. Drinks are also always welcome, of course. Come on over at approximately 7:30ish.

Smewch,
Lissendaff




Bizarro Monday Hang n' Chow

Hey yo-yos!

I hope you are all enjoying a lovely day, embracing your Imperialistic heritage, and acting out your fantasies of suppression and exploitation. To honor this wonderful lineage, we want to invite you over to consume food with us, and we will in no way try to infect you with diseases for which you have not developed the antibodies.

With Lis' new diet, we're trying to figure out how best to celebrate. We were thinking of grilling things, but would like to know how many peeps are coming, and if you had thoughts on things you'd like to have on the grill or bring to grill. I like saying "grill." We also have salad sheez.

So hit us up, and feel free to be liberal with pics of how you honor Sr. Columbus.

Territorially, 
Lissendaff




A Brief Proposition

Hello friends,

Please, come in and be welcome! I hope that your weekends were enjoyable in every way, and that you survived our first stint into the coolness of fall. If you did not survive, please disregard this email. 

For the remaining few, I propose an unprogrammed meeting of friends. Please come over at approximately 7:30, if the spirit moves you, and we can exist together in the light, enjoying some taco and cole slaw goodness. If anyone wants to bring over avocados, that would be wonderful, and feel free to bring any other food and bebbies you'd enjoy.

Adieu for now,
Lissendaff



A Monday of Reflection

Hello friends,

As most of you know, Lis and I are heading down to Pennsylvania today for the next couple days, in order to be with my family and raise a parting glass to our matriarch. My grandmom passed away peacefully last week, so we will be sharing stories about the woman who had to cover her walls with pictures to hide all the holes made from throwing her children through them. At least that was word on the mean streets of Richboro, PA.

So I hope you all have a great Monday, and we'll see y'alls in a few days.

Much love, 
Lissendaff






Halllllooooooooooooo!

I hope everyone had a spectabulous weekend. Mine was absolutely stellar until we hit a bootyload of traffic, and then the Eagles decided to be the worst.

Ears regardless, we soldier on! Let us relax in each others' company and forget all about returning to the real world and any other troubles as we spin a yarn or two while mangiaing various things. I'm gonna say soup and/or salad, and some sort of grilled meat. I think we have hot dogs and some sausages that we can do up. If you would like to bring sumpum to add to the doing up, please feel free! The yooj time will do, I think. 

Smerch,
Lissendaff



Hark unto me, dearest friends! Let us ring in the new!

My dear, sweet, wonderful friends,

Today is a day of celebration! We must gather together, not only for the sheer enjoyment of each other's company, but for more specific reasons, as well! For the year begins anew, if you're a Jew, and we should eat lots of food to ring it on in! We should probably also consume spirits in order to inflate and lift our own! To that end, we will have a bunch of leftover smoked brisket, matzo ball soup, sautéed broccoli and cauliflower, and maybe some other stuff.

But that is not all that we will celebrate! It is also a brand new year for one Ms. Sarah Mayinkin/Minkayo/Minkyo! She may have been born yesterday, but because of that we can shower her with affection this evening and she'll never know that it's slightly belated. There may even be a sweet surprise in store! You'll have to come to find out!

Additionally, the Eagles will be playing football! Everyone get excited! The game starts at 7, so feel free to come over then. Even if you're not interested in the game, you're welcome to come on over and usher in the Era of Good Feelings, a term coined right here in Bostonia. Everyone is also welcome to dress the part. Also, someone is welcome to play the part of our greatest President, Andrew Jackson, and bludgeon that era to death with the ideals of Southern exceptionalism, preferably once we've properly celebrated the aforementioned holidays.

Feel free to bring celebratory foods, drinks, tchotchkes, or whatever else makes you or, more importantly, Sarah happy. There may be limited brisket if e'erbody come up in da club, so feel free to bring sumpum proteiny if you're into that sort of thing. 

I miss you all soooooo much,
Lissendaff



A Monday Sermon

Brothers and sisters, rejoice!

The weekend is finally over! All our wicked idleness has been replaced with good, honest work. It is so good to know that I am not merely a cog in a machine, grinding away against the day-to-day wants and needs of society, attempting to heal wounds with green bandages. Rather, I am a tooth on that cog, asking for permission to heal the world's wounds with greenery, and rarely being provided with adequate materials to affect any change. A tooth that slowly blunts with each passing day, allowing one to bear the long, slow trudge of the week, not noticing the unending, futile nature of that which we all have decided to partake in. 

Bless the dulling of our senses! Bless the repetition which gives our world shape and makes us feel safe!

In order to celebrate that which maintains and fulfills us, we invite you to join us this evening at our abode yet again. Remember, regularity is freedom. Schedules are contentment. Without this compass, we will all surely lose any concept of civilization. We will begin killing each other for sport and pick our teeth with used hypodermic needles. Feral children will devour puppies. Do not dwell long on thoughts of that path, my beautiful siblings! Come to our home and be safe. Enjoy some veggie soup and pasta salad. Feel free to being beverages, vegetables, or ther snacks or meats. 

I look forward to spending an evening of quiet enjoyment with all of you.

Let us pray,
Lissendaff



Just a normal Monday, nothing to be concerned about...

Okay. I think that subject will throw them off the scent. 

To whomever this reaches, please, find help. Don't try to do this alone, you'll only get yourself killed. And don't, for the love of god, don't rush anywhere. You don't want to raise suspicions, cos then we're all screwed. We've made contact, and for that, I'm thankful. 

I'm not sure what I can tell you to get us out of here. We've been stuck in some sort of basement or hidden closet for what feels like days. We can hear muffled sounds of music, furious typing, and some kind of mechanical work; it makes no sense. There's no light, so I don't know how long it's been or how many times we've fallen asleep, but every so often food appears. I haven't eaten any yet. I'm worried it could be mildly poisoned to keep us weak and docile. I need my mind sharp if we're gonna get out of here.

After searching through the piles refuse cluttering our dark confines, I found what I hoped could be our ticket to freedom. Behind a towering stack of slowly decomposing Ranger Rick mags, I found a busted up Tandy 2000. The screen was slightly cracked, but everything else seemed to be intact. I knew if I could find just a few more parts and an outlet, we could get a message out. 

I worked on lil' Tandy nonstop, trying not to sweat on the delicate circuitry, and trying to keep my exhausted, shaking hands from breaking a transistor or severing a wire. This was our only hope, and I didn't want to wet the flare, as it were. While I toiled away, I wondered how much longer we'd last in this pit.

This morning, or I guess what we're calling the morning, I received a cryptic message written on a ripped scrap of paper. It just said, "We will do a take over. Hope you like grilled salmon, grilled veggies, salad, and brown rice." Now I don't know what the fuck that means, and, frankly, I'm terrified. Is this a terrorist plot? A guerrilla group that's amassed enoughs arms to make its move? It's definitely a threat, but I simply cannot figure out the slang translation of the courses of a meal. Maybe the stages of their plot? The order in which they perform torture techniques? 

While I racked my brain, searching for an answer, I realized something. It doesn't matter. As long as we're stuck in here, it doesn't fucking matter. The ONLY thing that matters is getting out to warn others and stop who or whatever kidnapped us in the first place.

I redoubled my efforts on my sweet lil' Tandy, now sporting some lipstick and a jaunty fascinator, knowing that we had precious little time. I was able to cobble together a crude modem and fired ol' Tandybear up. Shockingly, I was able to find an unsecured wifi signal, and now I'm sending you this. 

Shit,someone's outside the door. I'll finish this and email it once the coast is clear.

**************

Okay, now I think some semblance of a plan is coming together. Just now, when someone came to change out our water jug, I overheard two people speaking in hushed tones. Male and female I heard them. Their plan is to strike tonight. I don't know who will be able to help put a stop to this diabolical plot, but that's why I'm emailing everyone. Don't worry about us just yet, it's more important to stop these twisted fucks. 

Go to our house, you know the place on Burroughs. I think they said something about 7:30, but I couldn't hear if they said post or ante meridiem. God, I hope it's not too late. This has to relate back to the coded message about grilled salmon, but I have no idea what sinister plot that could tie into. Regardless, show up and put a stop to these two, whoever the hell they are. Let me know if you've heard anything, I'll try and fire up Ms. Tandybutte as often as I can to see how many people can help finally put an end to this madness. 

To use coded language similar to theirs, I suggest you bring "beers," "wine," "veggies," "snacks," or "a gun." We'll keep searching for a way out. If we do, you better believe your cute butt we'll be right there next to you, fighting against this unknown, unspeakable evil. 

Besuqueábamos,
Lissendaff



Straight Outta Little Compton

Compadres! 

Let's be honest. It's been a long, tough week, and you've earned some good old-fashioned rest & relaxation. Why don't you slip into something a bit more comfortable and head on over to our place? We can light some candles, put on some Miles Davis, and just melt into the night. 

If you need further enticement, mayhap we can woo you with food? They say the way into a person's heart is through their stomach, and while that may sound gruesome and inhumane, I will do ANYTHING so that we can be together again. Even if I have to offer you vegetable soup, salad, and a bunch of hot dogs. Please feel free to bring salad accoutrements, any grillable proteins or veggies you may want, and tasty bebidas. I look forward to seeing you all around 7:30. I would also like to preface our hang times by saying that you should just ignore the plastic that will be covering every inch of our apartment. 

Mix 'em and cook 'em in a pot like gumbo,
Lissendaff



Remember where you are. This is Thunderdome. Death is listening, and will take the first man that screams.

Gentlelads, noblewomen, adventurers, and scoundrels with hearts of gold! Turn your eyes and ears to me for but a moment! I promise, ye shan't be disserpointed!

First and foremost, I bring tidings of scrumptious delights! There are tales of the sweet, succulent jams, chilled corn chowder, salads so vibrant and beautiful they may be more inspiring than Timothy Green (doubtful, but 'tis what the longshoremen say 'round the docks), and risotto that comforts the soul and makes women openly weep from happiness. 

But BEWARE! These delectables will lower your guard, which is when others will be able to strike! Games of chance abound, and if you so much as bat an eye, someone may take t'other! Which would be crazy, cos THAT'S YOUR OPEN EYE! Yet another testament to the ecstatic state under which the food has placed you. There are a minimum of 2 new games to try out, mayhaps a third will peek out its fluffy head for a chance to strike at the soft underbelly of an unsuspecting passerby.

If you think you have the mental fortitude and stamina required, paired with a staggering lack of logical restraint, then come! Venture into this Shangri-La of deepest desires and most perilous pitfalls!

Unbesmirched smewches,
Lissendaff 

P.S. Quick translation note: we will have some mussels and sausage on the side of the risotto that can be added if people so desire, and if peeps wanna bring stuff to add to the salad or other proteins to grill or cook, please feel free and let us know. -Ed.



However far afield our travels take us, know there's always a warm place for you in our bed. Where I've peed, just a little bit.

Howdy kiddews,

I hope you all had invigorating and delightful weekends! I'm not sure if any of you have plans for this eventime, but I would like to propose a general hangout at our abode. This can (and hopefully will) include family fewdz, dranks, song and dance routines, games, mayhap a séance, and some quiet reflection. 

We will have veggie soup and salad, which will also be comprised of vegetables (though it could also be a pasta salad of some sort). We're still fleshing out what we wanna do, but if peeps have any thoughts or things to bring, please let us know! 

A smewch a day keeps a smile on yo bae,
Lissendaff



It's amazing, Molly. The love inside, you take it with you. And then you use that love to facilitate fake makeout and pottery sessions, or so I've been led to believe.

Dearest friends,

I know it seems like it's been forever and a day since we last hung out and enjoyed each other's delightful companionship. I, for one, can hardly remember what any of you look like. Please remedy this situation by coming to our abode this evening and subjecting yourself to a bevy of invasive medical tests and comprehensive photography sessions which will be bagged and tagged for our records. In exchange we will provide soup, salad, and maybe even some meat!

Based on snippets of whispers caught skittering across grapevines and ivy, some wonderful people may be bringing foods. Please let us know if you are, so that I know if I need to obtain grillable meats or other such proteiny victuals. As always, dranx are highly encouraged, as well. 

God speed your love to us,
Lissendaff



Won't you join me on Facegloria?

How-do!

I hope you all enjoyed a thoroughly patriotic weekend! Come continue the celebrations at our house by discussing American excellence, infallibility, and lady futbol dominance. We will also have an interpretive dance-off, with each performance embodying the true meaning behind a specific amendment in the Bill of Rights. My muse will be, of course, the 9th Amendment. I plan on focusing my dance around Justice Arthur Goldberg's concurring opinion in Griswold v. Connecticut. There won't be a dry eye in the house.

Adicionalmente, we're gonna make a bunch of hot dogs! We will also have salad with beets n' cukes. Please let us know if you'll be eating, so we have enough dawgs. Veggie burgers and maaaaybe some veggie dogs can be cooked up should anyone desire. Feel free to bring other snaxxx n' drankxxx! Come on over at approximately 7:30 PM. We miss you all sooooo much!

Smerch,
Lissendaff

P.S. Facegloria finally provides a social network without the pornography and violence so prevalent in Facebook and Twitter. Please "Amen" this post, and refrain from using any of the 600 banned words. I applaud their efforts and look forward to a service that is "morally and technically better than Facebook." God bless us, everyone.



This may be the most important subject line you'll ever see.

Hallooooooo!

How are all you lovely people? I hope you all had wonderful weekends, and are now independently wealthy, so we can just hang out all the time. To commence our new constant companionship, I suggest the grilling of meats and fish, and the eating of soups! We're gonna grill up some pork tenderloin, some steak, and some type(s) of fish, depending on the number of fellows and fellettes that wish to manj down. 

As for other goings-on, we're fucking adults, so we can do whatever we please when we hang out. However, the Nephelae chose to divert some of the river Okeanos on us yesterday, which may preclude us from some enjoyable backyard pastimes. Let us all hope Helios works his hardest to dry out the sogginess. Ears regardless, friendship and fun times will abound! 

Come on over long about 7:30ish, and please feel free to bring drinxxx, food to grill or eat next to grilled things, other snaxxx, games, instruments, suggestions on how to be a better lover, powerpoint presentations, and any other fun or delicious things you can think up with that magnificent mind of yours.

Oh, and please let us know if you are coming and eating, sose we kin have enough foodstuffing.

A thousand shimmering smewches,
Lissendaff



Did you know it's been summer for, like, 23 hours?

Whattis whattaint, godfallows and marms!

I am hear to extend an invitation to all you lovely people to come on over our abode this eventime, at approximately 7:30 PM. Having completed our annual 10-week journey into the bleak heart of Westeros, we are free to do whatever we want. THE ENTIRE EVENING IS OUR OYSTER. Let's shuck the hell out of it.

That said, we will not be serving oysters. We will, however, prolly grill a bunch of meat and have a salad. Please let us know if you want in on dat, so we know how much food to make/get. Also, if there's anything you want grilled or on the side or as an app or as an amuse bouche, bring it on ova! 

Smewches for now,
Lissendaff



Although we've come to the end of the road, still I can't let go. It's unnatural.

Dearest friends,

Here we are yet again. As always, it has seemed like too short a horribly traumatic road. However, knowing that this episode is entitled "Mother's Mercy," we can all finally breathe easy. Everyone just chills out and takes a nice bubble bath in a hot spring. Dany takes a nice vacation to mend her relationship with her eldest, which turns into a training montage with this soundtrack. Once that's done, we finally see her act like a true Targaryen, and mofeejez gets regulatered. ELSEWHERE, Shaggydog wins the Westminsteros Kennel Club Dog Show by slaughtering all who oppose him. The taste of victory still lingering on young Master Shaggydog's lolling tongue, he finally sets his sights on the Iron Throne, setting into motion the main plot line of Season 6. 

As for suppering, we will be making a bunch of pasta with meat sauce and a salad. Please feel free to bring anything you'd like to add to the salad, or snacks, or dranks, or other things you like. I can't wait to see all your shining faces!

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Under the Narrow Sea

Hey kiddos!

It's prom time in Essos and Westeros! The Dance of Dragons is upon us, and everyone is stressing the fuck out about what they're gonna wear, who they're gonna go with, and which lucky couple will take home the coveted crown. 

Will Drogon be stuck going with his mom again? Or will she be too busy with her stupid, shmarmy new husband? Will Jon Snow ask that freshly-wighted lady for a dance? They made some serious eyes last episode, and if anyone could melt a wightess' heart, it would be Sarah Mayo's hall pass, Jon Snow. My personal vote for prom king and queen is Ramsey and Sansa. They finally get that couples' counseling they needed and really start seeing eye to eye. Then they straight up murder everyone at the prom and share a wild-eyed, passionate beso sangriento. My heart's aflutter just thinkin' it.

As you all know, the last thing you wanna do is go to the prom on an empty stomach, cos you know some jokester like Lady Olenna, Arya, or any Martell will spike/poison the punch, and an empty stomach's the fastest ticket to Ralph City (which is in the Shadow, south of Asshai). With that in mind, we're gonna grill a bunch of meat and possibly some fish, as well as some zucchini. We may also roast some broccoli. If people would like to bring other veggies or meats to grill, that's way cool. Please let us know if you're partaking in food, so we're sure we gotst enuff.

As a quick note about schedule, we'll do the usual 7:30 timeframe. The Stanley Cup game is at 8 PM this eventime. I will be DVRing it, so we can watch a bit of that as we cook and eat, and then we'll pause the game in order to take prom photos together, and then watch the prom spectacular on GoT. Once we've danced our little hearts out, and the king and queen have been named, and we've finally sealed the deal with whomever we've been trying to since months before the prom, I'll put the game back on, complete with fast-forwarding technology. Peeps are welcome to chill and watch that, but I understand if you have sleepies in your eyes and are just plumb tuckered out.

Dancing, but always leaving enough room for the Holy Spirit,
Lissendaff



Hardhome is where the heart is.

How do, friendlies!?

Yes, it's that time again, when we swing wide the doors and call out to the hillocks: "Today is the Moon's day! Let all who seek sustenance for the fierce game of ladder-climbing and wheel-breaking find refuge here!"

We will be making burgers (we also have veggie burgers), as we have many rolls to get through from Memorial Day celebrations. We'll also be making some sort of salad. Please feel free to bring food and drink as you see fit.

Tonight's episode, "Hardhome," is going to be preeeeettttty cra-cy. 

Predictions and predilections: Jon Snow is overrun by white walkers at the beginning of the episode, which people are sad about. That is until we see him sit atop a frozen throne, eyes burning a cold azure fire, and a slow curl of steam/smoke rising from his bastard sword. Winter is coming, and Jon snow is the harbinger. 

Elsewhere, Drogon hates his new dad, until Hizdahr teaches him how to catch a spear and pretend he's been killed in an attempt to appease the Sons of the Harpy. Then they hug it out and leave Dany to her own devices as they fly into the sunset and teach each other valuable life lessons.

Let's get excited people!

Smewches,
Lissendaff

P.S. As always, please let us know if you require food.




Unbowed, Unbent, Tumescent

Hey fellow watchers on the wall, 

I think we all had a great time last week, so I think we should do it again. We're gonna make turkey chili, as today has cooled off a bit, and may be the last time we wanna do chili for quite a while. Please let us know if you'd like to partake in tasty chili times!

Tonight's episode will most likely feature a bunch of naked little kids in the Water Gardens, and that's pretty much it. My other prediction is Drogon bites Hizdahr zo Loraq's ding-dong off when he walks in on his mom getting it on and can't deal. Oh, and Pod kills Ramsay and marries Sansa. 

Please come on over at approximately 7:30 in the post meridian. Let's hang out, eat, and watch things! I-I-I can't wait!

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Let's watch some mens be born.

Oh, hi. I hope everyone had delightful times this weekend! Lis and I were thinking it would be cool if you guys came over tonight for some foodstuffs and then a viewing of the most recent Game of Thrones. It just seems like this would be a good excuse to get together and be friendly. If it goes well, maybe we can do it on future Mondays. We'll see, I suppose.

Tonight, we will watch "Kill the Boy." I assume this means that Jon Snow snaps and kills the kid Olly that killed Ygritte. Or Ser Pounce completes the coup d'état we all know he's been planning, and Tommen's lifeless body is seen covered in scratches from the newly formed Tabby Guard.

Currently, we're still figuring out what we're gonna make faux supsups, but please let us know if you would like to partake in dinner so we know how much to make of whatever that may end up being.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Shall we play the game of faces?

Halloooooo!

I hope everyone's enjoying the beautiful day, especially knowing that our brothers in arms are being slain while they cuddle with prostitutes. Never has a cuddle party been so sinister. 

That's right, the title of tonight's episode is "Sons of the Harpy," so we can expect a healthy amount of male and female boobies, plus executions. Perhaps Drogon will return from his semester abroad and totally get how the world works now, and tell Daenerys she just doesn't understand. Or it turns out that Drogon is time traveling Arya, the superpowered faceless man.

In celebration of the delightful weather, we're going to make a big ol' pasta salad with a bunch of veggies, beans, and cheese in it. We're also going to cook up some sausages to slice up and add to it, if you're into that sort of thing. We may make something else, which is TBD, but you'll have to come over to find out that is, if anything! Feel free to bring snacks, sides, desserts, thangthangs, beer, wine, whatever makes your mouth and tummy happy. Feel free to head on over around 7:30ish!

If you didn't snap at me, I wouldn't learn anything,
Lissendaff



The Return of das GoTs

Hey e'erbody! Our long journey through the hinterlands of Westeros has come to an end. As such, the Monday night hangs return with taco/burritos, slaw, and a heaping double scoop of Game of Thrones! Come on ova at approximately 7:30!

Cant wait to sees y'all!

Smewch, 
Lissendaff




We serve the gods. And the gods demand justice.

Hallooooooooo!

Gentlefolks, the day has come at last! The annual challenge for the crown is upon us! 

Please come on over at approximately 7:30 this eventime for foodstuffs, followed by a not-nearly-large-enough helping of Thronestuffs. We're gonna make burgers and have a salad of some sort on the side. 

Please feel free to bring various accoutrements, lamprey pies, lemon cakes, or perhaps a nice ale, Arbor red, or Dornish strongwine.

In the meantime, in order to fully prepare yourself for tonight's viewing, enjoy a recap of season 4 with video game noises.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Peastover Remix

Halloa!

I hope everyone had a lovely holiday weekend, unless you're Greek Orthodox, in which case I hope you simply had a reasonably nice weekend. 

PLEASANTRIES ASIDE, I would like to invite you all over to continue the celebrations by partaking in matzoh ball soup, salad, and both potato AND sweet potato latkes. Please feel free to bring whatever snacks n' dranks in which you would like to partake. If possible, please try to keep it kosher, but I understand if you just feel like you need to bring bacon-wrapped loaves of bread. 

Feel free to come over roundabouts 7:30! 

Smerch,
Lissendaff



A challenger appears!

Halloooooooooo!

Tonight, we have the honor of inviting guest chef extraordinaire Benjamin "Ben" Bruno to the Monday night hangtimes kitchen! I don't know what he's planning on making, but I'm sure all will become clear as the day progresses.

Please come on over at 7:30ish for camaraderie and delicious food times!

I miss you all soooooo much! Let's hang out.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Hi di-diddly-idle-dum, diddly-doodle-idle-dum, diddly-doo-ri-diddlum-day!

Top o' the afternoon to ye!

We would love to invite you over for a traditional St. Patty's turkey chili dinner! Come to our house around 7:30 for chill times and chili times. 

As my ancestors said, what butter or whiskey or chili does not cure cannot be cured. So come and be cured of what ails ya! I'm sure music, games, and friendship will abound.

A cabin with plenty of food is better than a hungry castle,
Lissendaff




Let us break our fast together.

Oh, hello. You should come to our abode this eventime. We're gonna make breakfasty foods for dinner! So, see ya tonight. Feel free to come over 7ish or whenever. I miss you all!

Smewch, 
Lissendaff




Let's hang out!

Halloooooooaaaahhhh!

I hope you all had wonderful weekends! Let us hang out and discuss our various weekend adventures while eating food, playing games, and/or watching things! We're going to make a bunch of roasted veggies and some sort of chicken and sausage dish that'll be smoky and delicious (I hope). Please feel free to bring bebidas and snachidnas. 

All are welcome roundabouts 7:30. I miss you all so very, very much.

Smowch,
Lissendaff



Monday Monday Monday!

Hello friendlies!

I would like to invite you to our humble abode for burrito/taco times w/ slaw, cos we got a bunch of cabbage again! I believe there will be both ground beef and chicken from which (emphasis on the aitch) to choose. Snacks and drinks are always welcome.

Please feel free to come over around 7:30. If you have any questions, it would be my distinct honor to answer them to the best of my meager abilities. 

Smewches,

A.K. Dub n' G.V.



Do this, in memory of Pease.

How do, friends!?

Let us ignore the frigid temperatures and mountains of snow, which have forced us to barricade ourselves inside of doors! To Heck with the frostbitten consequences! I invite you all to come over our place to partake in the tasty, classic meal of grilled cheese and tə-mah-toh soup. 

More specifically, we will be making a roasted garlic tomato soup, and we have some basic ingredients for grilled cheese. Please bring your favorite accoutrements for grilled cheese, whether that be interesting cheese or fanciful bread, or various things to put in it or eat on the side of it! Feel free to let e'erbody in the club know whatcha thinkin' of brangin' so we don't all bring the same thing and then feel slightly embarrassed. Or don't, and live with the shame you've brought upon your family.

Come on ova at 7:30ish! Or call me if you want some cooking prep time for some reason, and I'll try and have pants on before you show up.

We miss you like crazy,
Lissendaff



Buffet times?

Are other people around in JP for Indian buffet at 1? I would like to do this. I haven't called to see if either place is open, cos it's a bit early for that, don't you think?




Snowy Monday Hangs Redux!

Hey yaooooos!

You should come over for friendship, food, and flights of fancy! We were most likely gonna cook up a bunch of chicken breasts, root vegetables, and braise some cabbage. Please let us know if you're into eating, so we can make surez we've gotst enuff.

6ish is prolly a good time to come over!

Pour L'Amour, 
Lissendaff




Yeah, I'm thinking we're back.

Hey! You should come over for snowy Monday hangs! We're gonna make burrito/taco tastiness with slaw! Come on ova whenevs!




Hunker down and hang out!

Halloooooo frandz!

I invite you all to come hang out at all place to enjoy a meal and the warmth of friendship. You are all welcome at approximately 7:30! We're gonna make a spinach and broccoli lasagna, maybe with a simple salad on the side. Feel free to bring snacks, dranks, or whatever else your heart desires. If we get snowed in, we can curl up and watch Snow Dogs together.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Pre-Motown Monday Hangs

Hallooooo!

I hope most of you have today off of work, and are enjoying it immensely. I am sadly sitting at my desk, not doing much work at all, but still in the office. Please come over this eventime roundabouts 7:30!

We're gonna make a bunch of chili, cos that's always a good time. Please let us know if you'd like to partake! As always, feel free to bring snaxxx n' dranxxx. I miss you sooooo much.

Smewch,
Lissendaff





Howloooooo!

Friends, it's time we had a talk. And some food. And maybe some fun. 

The food will be a hearty root vegetable soup, a roasted beet, goat cheese, and spinach salad with fig balsamic dressing, and pork tenderloin. Feel free to bring dranks n' snacks!

Come on over at 7:30ish!

Besmirched,
Lissendaff



Monday Hangs featuring guest food preparation!

Halllllooooooo!

It's a brand new year, and that means new experiences! 

Tonight we will be having exotic cuisine from the land of enchantment, turquoise jewelry, dreamcatchers and dreamcatcher repairmen, courtesy of our favorite, Newest Mexican, Raquelita. Please feel free to bring drinks, snacks, etc. 

To pair perfectly with this cuisine, we will have 2015 IIHF World Junior Championship game on starting at 8 between Canada and Russia. 

I'm sure there will also be games, music. and friendships renewed.

Feel free to come over around 7:30! 

Smewtch,
Lissendaff



Monday hangs!

Yo yaooooo, guuuuuuurrrrrrllllllz!

You should come over tonight! We're gonna make some chicken and lots of veggies. Come on over 7:30ish! Give a rang if you wanna come over earlier, cos we'll prolly be around.

Smooch, 
Lissendaff




A Happy Chanooky Monday!

Hallooooo Friends!

I would like to invite you over to our house for some Hanukkah celebrations and food! We're gonna make a whole bunch of latkes and prolly a big ol' pile of roasted veggies. Please feel free to bring over any other snacks, dranks, or other thangs you might want to consume. Let is know if ya wanna eat, so I grate an appropriate number of potatoes.

As always, come on ova roundabouts 7:30!

Smewch,
Lissendaff




Additional Hangage: Dinner Edition

Hallew!

I would like to invite you all over our house for taco-y/burrito goodness with root vegetable slaw! Please feel free to bring any dranks, snacks, or sides you want.

Lis and I will be around generally, so feel free to come over anytime after 5ish.

I can't wait to see you all. Just in case you can't remember, we live at:

31 Burroughs St. #1
Jamaica Plain, MA 02130

Feel free to call or text if you need personalized directions.

Kasmooch! 
Lissendaff




The Hangout Times-Picayune

Hulloa!

Please come on over this eventime for general hangitude! 7:30 seems like an appropriate time, dontcha think?

We will be roasting a chickachickawn with a whole bunch of veggies. Feel free to bring snacks, sides, or dranks as you see fit. Let us know if you wanna partake in food stuffage, so we don't have any shortages. 

Smewches,
Lissendaff



There's Got to Be a Monday After

Howdaloo!

We would like to open our doors in welcome to you all! I hope e'erbody in da club had a kickass giving of gratitudinals. Please come over around 7:30 if you're back in these parts, and dish about all the goings-on since we last saw each other. 

I have it on good authority that there will be turkey dumpling soup, salad, and prolly some chicken or other things. Let me know if you would like das foodstuff so we make a reasonable amount. 

Abrazesos,
Lissendaff



Thank you for being a friend.

Hulloa!

Lis and I would love to see you this eventime! Let's go ahead and do the usual 7:30 commencement for hang times. 

We're gonna make two (dos, deux, due, iki, kaksi, dhá, două) types of chili. One will be veggie friendly, and t'other will be mmmmeaty. Please feel free to bring any snacky or dranky things you might like, or sides, or anything at all in the world. 

There is a rumor going around that some folk rarely seen will make appearances. Come on ova and let's get our shwerve on.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Flying Solo

Well, How-dee!

I hope you're all having lovely Mondays in this miserable weather. I invite you all to come over for hang times this evening. 

Desafortunadamente, Lis will not be hanging out with us. However, I will try to forge ahead and be a host of some kind or other. I think I'm gonna keep it relatively simple and do a bigass pork loin, with some mashed potatoes, and some sauteed or roasted veggies. This may be amended based on what the grocery store presents me, but I'd like to do pork, as it is not Lis' favorite meat. If anyone wants to bring a salad, apple sauce, snacks, or other things that tickle your fancy, please feel free! 

Music times are certain to happen, so I will not be nearly as good or gracious a host as Lis, but I think you guys know the lay of the land. I'm sure games or cards will be played, and some Jeops will be watched, if peeps want. 

If you guys are really nice, Lis may make an appearance later in the eventime, but I can't make any promises.

As per usual, feel free to arrive at approximately 7. Come for the friendship, leave when you're sick of our faces.

Smewches,

Just Dave.



Monday

Hey.

Come over. 7 post meridian. We're making lasagna. Veggie friendly with meat sauce on the side! Please RSVP if ya wanna eat it, so we know if it's a 1 or 2 lasagna kinda night. We're gonna watch one episode of Twin Peaks prior to the Eagles MNF game! A fun-filled evening awaits you and yours!

Smewch, 
Lissendaff




Would you like to hang out? I would.

Howdy friends!

You should come over this evening and we should hang out and be friends. We're gonna make some turkey chili and cornbread, and it'll be tasty. 

I think 7:30 is a good time for you to come over. Please let us know how many vats of chili we will need to make by responding in a fashion that in some way indicates whether you are going to be eating or not. The preferred methods are gif, haiku, or Son Gaiku. 

I'm not sure exactly what will happen, but my guess is that the television will be on, games, card or otherwise, will be available, and maybe some small amounts of music may be played in separate rooms. First we must slog through the interminable length of this afternoon before we can reach Hyperborea. 

Trembling with anticipation,
Lissendaff



Let's just hang out already.

Hullabalewbs!

I would like to, as cordially as possible, invite all of you lovely people to our abode this evening. Please come on over at approximately 7:30, as per usual. If you need special dispensation for an early pass, please reply all at least twice. Also, please let me know if you would like to partake in foodstuffs this eventime.

The menu will most likely include the following items: a beef pot roast, a roasted garlic squash mash (w/ leeks n' apples), mac n' chee, and kale. Feel free to bring any dranxxx y snaxxx you think are delightful.

There will most likely be games played and crafting done! So come on over for a good ol' fashioned hangaroundenanny!

From Prussia with hugs,
Lissendaff

P.S. If everyone's really nice, I will reenact this scene.



I know when to go out. And when to stay in.

How doo!

I would like to invite all of y'all to go out from your homes and stay in at our abode this eventime. 

We're gonna cook up a whole chicken with some roasted veggies, maybe some rice or mac n' chee, and a salad! As always games, cards, and other activities people find enjoyable are encouraged. This will be complemented by some Bowie practice and maybe some other music. 

Please come on over roundabouts 7:30 in the post meridian, and feel free to bring any tasty treats you would like. 

I never wave bye-bye,
Lissendaff



Celebrate our nation's most important holiday!

You should come over to our place! We're gonna make food! Some people are ALREADY hanging! Gasp!






Hello friends,

You know, it was a scant 414 years ago today that Jacopo Peri's Euridice premiered in Florence, which, as we all know, signified the beginning of the Baroque period. It's been all downhill ever since.

To celebrate this crucial turning point in our cultural history, Lis and I are going to make chicken enchiladas and cole slaw. Nummy nummy!

Please feel free to bring things you enjoy, whether they be snaxxx or dranxxx. Please arrive roundabouts 7:30, assperyooj. I absolutely cannot wait to see you.

Returning from the gates of the underworld,
Lissendaff 



"In the Garfield comics and shows, the title character hates Mondays, and is frequently harmed during them."

Hello friends,

Please be our guest and come on over to our abode this eventime. You are welcome at approximately 7:30 PM. 

The New England Patriots will be playing against the Kansas City Chiefs on the television, and I'm sure that this will be matched (or surpassed) in intensity by non-stop double blind nil Spades.

The menu for the evening will contain salad and lasagna. Said lasagna can be vegetarian with meat sauce on the side, or we can go deep in the meats. Pleased to be letting us know if you have a preference. 

Feel free to bring accoutrements that suit your fancy. It has been far too long since we've talked. Do come, won't you?

Dreaming on the wings of a thousand butterflies,
Lissendaff



Monday Friendship Meeting

Hoooow doo!

Please come on over this eventime. We're gonna make burritos, tacos, y un poquito de ensalada con tomates del jardin del patio trasero con mucho gusto.

Please arrive around 7:30, and feel free to bring over anything that makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. Let me know if you gonna be eatin' dem fudz!

Kissy kissy,
Lissendaff



Backyard Redux

Oh, hi. I didn't see you there.

I hope peeps had a good time hanging yesterday. If you didn't, we'll try to make it up to you by inviting you over this eventime. If you did, let's relive some of the memories tonight! Please come over around 7:30.

We're gonna have more sausages/hot dogs and I believe there is some chili left over. Also, Lis will be making a delectable corn chowder. Maybe we'll cook up some bok choy, cos why not? 

I will be watching the Eagles-Colts game, but I'm sure I'm the only person who will care, so plenty of fun things will be happening elsewise. See ya in several hours!

The Desolation of Smauch,
Lissendaff



I see a ship in the harbor; I can and shall obey

Hulloo!

I'm back, back in a Monday groove! I hope you all come over tonight for foodstuffs and hangin' tuffs. 

We'll make food, but I'm not sure what. I'm gonna guess some sort of soup and/or salad, and then prolly something protein-oriented. So come on ova at about 7:30! I miss you all so very dearly, and hope to see you this eventime. Feel free to bring drinks and/or food as you see fit. This ain't our first rodeo, but it could be.

Forever and truly yours,
Lissendaff



You, Me, Food, Drink,

Howdy doodles!

I feel like we don't hang out any more. Why don't you come over our house tonight so we can all catch up? Please come over at approximately 7:30pm, and we can consume tasty things and be friends. 

Feel free to bring whatever you would like! I think there's a high likelihood we're making cheddar ale soup with broccoli, but this is an unconfirmed report, hot off the wire. We'll definitely have other things that are veggie and meat oriented, they will just remain clouded in mystery

So, hopefully I see you all this eventime! Let a brotha know if you want in on eats!

Butterfly kisses galore,
Lissendaff



Hang snout

Good morrow, frandy fronds!

You should come over tonight at about 7:30. We're gonna make fudz, as per usual, but have not yet decided what. 

COME FOR THE MYSTERY. 

STAY FOR ADDITIONAL MYSTERIES.

Let us know if you want in on dat foodage (there will be veggieful things)! 

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Monday Funday

Halloooo!

Friends, please come over this eventime at 7 or 7:30 for general hangage and fooding. We're gonna make a lasagna with some delicious homemade sauce that Lis slaved over the other day. There will also be soup and/or salad, depending on how ambitious we get. See yas tonacht!

Smewch,

Lissendaff



Monday Hangitudinal

My dearest chums,

Howdy doo, and a-dewdy how. I invite you all over to our abode for friendship and food times. I believe we are going to make taco style beef, and you can have your choice of soft taco, hard taco, or lettuce wrap! We will kindly implore you to use a lettuce wrap, even if it's unwieldy. There will also be some sort of zucchini or squash side, but we have yet to decide on what that will be!

Please come over around 7. I'm sure we'll all have a grand ol' time. Feel free to bring anything you may like! I hope you all had wonderful weekends, and received the best shave of your life.

Yours forever and always,
Lissendaff



Monday, Monday, Monday

Halloa! As per usual, we gon' have Monday hangage. We're thinking burgers n' salad, maybe sumpum else. We have a couple hot dogs left, should you be more in the mood for that. If you'd like, you're also welcome to just eat a bunch of hamburger buns, cos that can be delicious. I think 7ish sounds good, don't you? Hope to see your shining faces, as it's been far too long in mi opin-jone.

Smewch,
Lissendaff



Moooooondaze

Hulloa!

We are having our usual Monday hang times. Please come on over around 7:30. We're making a zucchini/summer squash soup, a salad, chicken, and fish. Please let us know if you'd like some of these foods. I can't wait to see all your shining faces!

Smewches,
Lissendaff 



Monday Hangar

Hey brosefs and brosefettes,

You should come over tonight at around 7:30! We're going to make a lasagna with zukes n' squash, and also a salad. I hope you all come hungry, especially for lettuce. Beyond that, the viewing and/or events of the evening will be determined by who all's a-hangin'. We could play games, watch movies, chit chat, watch TV, stare silently at each other, or do all of the above, at the same time

I hope everyone had a wonderfully patriotic weekend. Mayhap we can regale each other with tales of our nation's majesty.

Smooches, 
Lissendaff




Monday Hangy

Howdy dooo!

Please come on ova at approximately 7:30 this eventime for hangage and possible viewing of things! 

We're going to make a big ol' bunch of stir fry, so let us know if you'd like to partake, and hopefully we'll make an almost appropriate amount. Feel free to bring any items you might like included, or other thangs like snacks n' sides n' sitch. I miss you all terribly. Do come on by.

Smooches,
Lissendaff



Monday Hangage!

Hullo!

The Game may be on hiatus, but we certainly are not! Please join us for some hang times, some game times, we'll prolly put something on, though I have no idea what. For fudz, we will be making some sort of salad with roasted beets. We'll also make some fish or chicken, most likely. Please let us know who all wanna eat them food. See yas tonight!

Smooches,
Lissendaff



Game of New Homes

Hullew fronds!

After our brief hiatus, we are once again hosting a Monday night shindig. HOWEVER, it will be at an all-new, centralized location (see below for particulars). We're gonna make some turkey sloppy joes with mac & chee n' salad on the side. Feel free to bring things that make you happy.

I will be time-delaying the USA v. Ghana futbol match by approximately 30 minutes, which means I will hit play at about 6:30. People are welcome to come over to watch that, but if you can't bear to delay the start of the game, feel free to come over post game for a GoT double feature! 

We will commence viewing of the Throne Games sometime between 8 and 8:30, beginning w/ episode 409 "The Watchers on the Wall," in which Jon Snow casts off his black cloak so he can spend the rest of his life giving the lord's kiss to a fiery lady. This will be followed by the season finale, "The Children," which of course is the introduction to Doran Martell, and an in-depth look at his fascination with tiny, wet, nude children. 

Pleased to be seeing you at the new casa de Lissendaff:

31 Burroughs St. #1
Jamaica Plain, MA 02130

Smooches,
Daffinliszt



(Quite Possibly) The Final Monday Hang in Castleton

Hallooo friends!

As the subject line says, tonight is most likely the last Monday we can host in Castleton, as we'll be preparing for the final leg of our move next Monday. So we cordially invite you over at 7:30 in the post meridian to hang and watch some GoT.

Also, as it was the most common thing made (and it's easy), we're gonna do taco/burrito-y goodness. Please let us know if you'd like to eat, so we can exactly the right amount of food and not have leftovers. 

Also also, if any strapping young lad or laddess is around earlier (long about 5:45 or 6) I would humbly request help moving one (1) dresser and a couple boxes, just so my dad doesn't have to. Either way, we begin our goodbyes to the North and our hellos to south central JP. Won't you join us?

Smewches,
Lissendaff



Hang of Thrones

Halloo! I hope you all had wonderful weekends, as I did. We're gonna have the Monday hang as per usual. We're gonna make some chicken and some fish, so let us know if you're gonna be partaking. We'll also have some quinoa and kale salad. Come on ova roundatbouts 7:30! 

If the info is to be believed, we should get a healthy dose of our 2nd favorite buddy cop comedic duo, Brienne n' Pod. Hope to see yas tonights!

Smooches,
Lissendaff



Monday Hangitude!

Hallooo! 

We are having people over, as is our wont. We will be making pasta salad, which will be veggie friendly. We'll have some meat that can be added on the side for omnivorous folk. Please come over around 7:30 for food, Throne Games, maybe some Silicon Valley. I hope to see you all in a few hours!

Smooches,
Lissendaff



The Return of the Game of Thrones

Oh, heeeeyyyyyyyyyy!

Tonight we will be airing a double feature of GoT! I don't know if we can collectively handle that amount of drama, intrigue, and boobies, but I'm willing to give it my best. Please come over around 7:30, and we'll start the episodes as soon as possible. 

We're gonna do some sort of fish and some sort of chicken with salad for supsup. Please let us know if you're going to be partaking, especially if you want fishy fishy.

I hope to see all you lovely people this eventime!

Smooches,
Lissendaff



Monday Hangs!

Hallooo friends,

I request the pleasure of your company in our humble abode to enjoy some burgers, something potato-y, and salad. Feel free to bring fix'ns and topp'ns that will please you. We will be viewing the new episode of GoT, probably Silicon Valley, as well. There will probably be some hockey thrown in, but the important team plays tomorrow. I hope to see your shining faces!

Smooches,
Lissendaff



Don't let the nice weather fool you, winter is most assuredly coming.

Dearest friends,

The long-awaited day has finally arrived! Game of Thrones has returned to us, to once again bathe us in boobies and blood, and only sometimes both of them at the same time (sorry, Ros). 

We're going to make a combo of spinach and cheese and asparagus and cheese ravioli. There will also be cheese available, of course! Oh, and we have birthday cake and lots of beer.

If you're definitely coming, let us know, so we can make sure e'erbody in the club that wanna sees it has arrived before we put it on. Feel free to cosplay it up. I'm thinking of wearing my best "Dany in the tub" outfit.

The usual time of 7-7:30 is totally coo!

Also, if peeps are into it, we can check out Silicon Valley, Mike Judge's new show starring Kumail Nanjiani. If not, I'll just put it on once everyone leaves.

Valar dohaeris, 
Lissendaff



A Monday Rendezvous

Halloooo friends!

Please come on over at around 7:30 for delicious taco times! Tom will be in attendance, if you're into that sort of thing! I don't think I have anything else to say right now! See you tonight?



Das yooj

Oh heyoos,

Please come on ova this eventime at around 7:30. We're not sure what we're gonna make faux supsup, but feel free to let us know if you want in on mystery foodstuffs! Depending on who all shows up, we can play games, watch things, and do whatever your heart desires.

Sees ya latron,

Lissendaff, P.C.



Monday Hang Time

Hallöa!

Please be on notice that hang times will be occurring starting at approximately 7 and continuing until people become pewped. We will be making food, but we have not yet decided what. Maybe a steak tip salad? Maybe a pasta salad w/ some sausage in it? EITHER WAY, Tom will be present and accounted for. I hope to see you tonight!

Smooches,

Lissendaff



Mondiggidy

Hullo!

Please come over for food and general hangage! We will be making meatloaf mark 2 with mashed potatoes and a mix of roasted veggies. The meatloaf in question will be beef this time. So pleased to be letting me know how many loaves I will need to conjure up, though this time there will be no fishes.

As per yoojy, 7 or 7:30 is the hot shit.

Smooches,
Lissendaff



Mon dieu!?

On this most blessed day, I hope to see all you of this eventime. We will be making some type of fish, chicken of some sort, and some assortment of salad ingredients. Please come over at 7:30ish. 

THING OF NOTE!

We will once again be joined by Mr. Lauducci, who has managed to survive yet one more year on this accursed rock. Please congratulate him in person tonight.

Please let us know if you would like foods, and if you would prefer them to be aquatic or avian. 

Smooches,

Lissendaff Records



Monday Hang!

Halloo,

We would like to invite you to our abode this eventime for hangage! We're gonna make a bunch of pasta, either meatballs or meat sauce, and garlic bread. If you'd like to partake in fudz, please let us know, so we can make almost appropriate amounts. V Meez is on the docket, with the launching of the second season this eventime. WHO IS AT THE DOOR??? So, hopefully we'll see all of your radiant faces tonight! 7-7:30 is, as always, a great time to come on ova.

Adieu for now,
Lissendaff



Mondaze

Hello franz!

Lis and I will be holding down das fort as per yooj this eventime. We will be attempting some chicken enchiladas, maybe chicken n' spinach enchiladas, with some sort of salad on the side! Feel free to bring things as you see fit! Also, I will be markedly less subdued this week! 

On the viewing menu tonacht, we have a 15-minute teaser for the upcoming season of Throne Games, which will whet our appetites for destruction.

Additionally, we can watch either VerMeezy Delight or los Olympiakos, or both! The world is our oyster, and I'm here to shuck it.

Even more additionally, games are always available upon request, especially Small World, which Lis has a major jonesin' to play with more than just me. 

So make your voice heard! Squawk the vote!

Smooches,

Lissendaff Industries, LLLP


P.S. Word on the street is that there's a 99.69% chance of TTT this evening...



Mon dieu!

Hello friends. I feel like we haven't seen each other in a very long time. Let's remedy that with some good, old-fashioned hanging out. I believe we're gonna make tacos and slaw, cos the farm share once again supplied slaw ingredients. I hope to see you all there at about 7:30. V-meezy will most likely be playing, and we can talk about the most recently released photos from the upcoming season of Game of Thrones. What do you think of the recast Daario? I'm not quite sure why they can't make him more flamboyant and ridiculous. Manlyways, see ya tonight!



Monday Hangz Special Edition!

Oh, hi there. It turns out that tonight will be a special Monday Hangage Event! For more than one reason! Quite possibly up to 4 reasons, depending on how you subdivide or mash together reasons in your brains! Firstly, the yoooosual stuff: please come over roundabouts 7:30; Lis and I are planning on making a turkey meatloaf, roasted garlic mashed potatoes, and probably asparagus and sumpum else veggie, or another veggie entirely. Let us know if you wanna partake in the dintunes so that we make enough! 

SUPERRAD ADDITIONS!

We are pleased to be joined by Marti and Aerjen this eventime, in order to be the guinea pigs for one (or maybe more?) of Aerjen's board games! He has told me that today is a manufacturing day, so it'll be hot off the presses! Furthermore, I am told the game works very well in combination with beers. 

AS IF THAT WERE NOT ENOUGH FOR THE LIKES OF YOU:

We will also be joined by the indomitable Tom Lauducci! I hear he enjoys giving wet hugs and dry humping. Feel free to inquire tonacht.

So come on over witcha booze, snaxxx, and love for a delightful eventime of games- and friendsmanship!



Monday hangitude

Howdy fronds,

I cordially invite you to come on ova for food and hanging! On the menu this eventime is 1 bootyload of pasta. I hope to see everyone roundabouts 7 or 7:30.

Adieu for now!




Who's your Daddy?

Halloooo! As KK's good friend Ms. Triplett so adroitly pointed out, today is the day of the moon. 

Therefore! Peeps will congregate at the home of Lissendaff in order to enjoy each others company and many foods and beverages, as they have throughout history. Tonight we will once again have taco/burrito times, with tasty slaw! Please come around 7:30.

The entertainment for the evening will be the first trailer for the upcoming season of Game of Thrones, and at least episode 2 of tha V. Meezy. 

Adieu for the intervening hours! May they pass you by like a whiff of Spirit by Antonio Banderas on a summer's eve.



Return of Monday Hangage

Hello friends,

It's been a topsy-turvy few weeks, but I think we can all agree that what we need is a little R&R at our place, this evening. Lis and I are hoping to make a flank steak/london broil AND some sausage stuffing, as well as some veggies n' bullshit. If you would like to be a part of my life, please let me know. Feel free to come over 7-7:30 or later, if that's what you're into. 

Bonne nuit, mon petite fromagettes!



Monday!

It's the greatest time of year, and it's Monday, help me celebrate it! We're gonna have some roasted beet/arugula/goat cheese salad and most likely some other fudz. Let us know if you're coming over, so I know whether or not I'll have to wear pants. See ya tonight?



Monday Monday

Hullaballoo!

I believe most of y'all good folk are out of towne, enjoying family times and whatnot, but if anybody wants to hang, I'll be home alone, watching some hockey and football. Feel free to swing by whenevs. Otherwise, I will hopefully see all of you upon your eventual glorious returns, at which point you will judge both the living and the dead. I will then compare the disparate opinions, and render a reasonable judgment regarding same. 

In the meantime, relax and enjoy l'Navidades! 



Monday Hangage

Oh, hey friends. In case you feel like we haven't seen each other enough in the last few days, Lis and I are hosting Monday hangtimes as per usual. We're gonna make some burrito-y, taco-y ish and some cole slaw. If you are into this, please come over at around 7:30! Feel free to bring other snacks or whatever's ya pleajah.



It's about that time

Hi peeps and peepettes,

It is Monday. You should come over our house. We are gonna make some sort of soup incorporating some or all of the following: potatoes, broccoli, cheese, and ale. We will also be making a salad of some sort, which will definitely contain roasted beet. Finally, depending on mood, we'll make some chicken, fish, or steak. Please let us know if you wanna eat conósotros para quantidad! The yooj time is cooj. 

Sees yas tonights!



Monday Recently Zoned for Hanging Out

Hulloo,

I hope you all had a splendid long weekend of spent giving thanks to you and yours! I would love to hear all about it tonight, at our place, roundabouts 7:30! We will be making one (1) bootyload of latkes, and possibly other things.

Unfortunately, my television decided to explode a bit and is currently not working. So game times! Maybe a bit of music, if people so inclined would like to come by? No matter what happens, let's be friends forever.

Smooches,
deevj



Monday Hangz

Howdy fronds! 

I would like to cordially invite you over for Monday hang times. I will unfortunately be taking Lis to the aeroporto, but peeps are welcome to come over at 8! That may be a bit late for foodstuffs, but that's your call! I'm happy to help with whatevvvs, and I'll try to have snaxxx n' thangs. Either way, I hope to see y'allitude this eventime.



Monday Hangz

Oh, hello. For those of you that are not that interested in the Pats game, we'll be hosting hang times as per usual. One possible twist, however, is viewing Iron Man 3, rather than episodes of Misfits or whatnot. Are you into this? I hope you are! Also, we're gonna cook a bunch of stir fry if you wanna get in on dat. I miss you all so much. It's been forever and/or a day.



Monday Hangage

Hello friends,
 
We would love to host some hangz this evening, long about 7:30 is good for us. We're gonna make a lasagna, so please feel free to come hungry, there gon' be plenty.
 
Smooches,
deevj



Monday hang times!

Hello franz,

Please come over this eventime, as is tradition. We will be making some sort of food, which I will update you on in a little bit! Rrrregardless (which my phone wanted to correct to RHR regardless, which I must have said at some point), I hope to see you all in a few hrs!




The Monday Hung Times

Hello all! Peeps be hanging here tonight! The usual 7:30ish time is awesome! Please let me know if you would like to supsup with us! There will be snaxxx, ears regardless. Smooches to one and all, and I'll see ya in a while!




The Monday Times

Howdy dooo! We're having Monhangzperyooj! We're gonna make a bunch of chili, some cole slaw, and we have leftover soups and sides if chili ain't yo thang. Please feel free to bring whatever you would like, long about 7:30ish.




Oh, you know

Hey friends! You should come over for Monday hang times! 7ish sounds like a good time to me. I hope to see every last one of you in a few horas!




Food n hangz?

Hello friends! We would love to have you come over this eventime! Are people into food as well as hangz? Just wanna know for planning porpoises. I hope to see y'allitude either way!




Monday hangz

Hey friends,

You are all welcome to come over and hang out and be friends at my place. Lis is working, so nobody tell her, okay? Hope to see you all RIGHT NOW.




Monday night hangz!

Halloo friends! The usual Monday night hangs are go, with a slight amendment! The Eagles are playing the Redskins at 7, which I will be watching, but cheese, foodstuffs, and games will abound! Please let us know if you would like to partake in dinner times. Lis will be making feesh, and I will be making something else! Soup and salad will also be making an appearance! So I hope to see all of you, individually.




Hangz

The yoooosual, come over whenever.




Come over, Inc.

Hey, you should come over. In the next hour or so. Smooch.




Summer Tunes, pt. 1

For those of you that enjoy bras and cats, please enjoy the following: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_shqnQictU&feature=youtube_gdata_player




Hang times a mi casa!

Please come over this evening for viewing and hanging times! Misfits and Hunderby are most likely on the docket, so come on ova long about 7:30. See ya then!



Hang times!

Hello gang! Please come over tonight to hang and watch Misfits, cos it's awesome. See you in a little bit! Hooray!




Monday night hangz?

The game may have ended, but we misfits still have a job to do. We may even find we're all part of one big family. That said, if you'd like to hang out, come on over at 7, or even a skosh earlier, to view Misfits and Veep and/or Family Tree as a humorous prelude to the Stanley Cup Final. See yas in a few hours, I hope!




Delay of Thrones

Just to make it that much better, we have to delay our showing of the season finale of Game of Thrones to tomorrow (Tuesday) night, as Lis has to work tonight. I hope the usual crew (and any others who like to hang out with friends) can make it!




Rainy Days of Castamere

Please come over for an evening of Thrones. Hugs available upon request.




Who dey think gon' beat them Throne Games?

You are! Tonight! Feel free to come over whenevz ya plz!




Into Darkness?

Howdy hombrecitos suaves,

I know several people have expressed interest in seeing Star Trek: Into Darkness at the Jordans IMAX, featuring buttkicker technology. I'm down for whenever someone is willing to cart my ass out to Natick. As Friday is KLaw celly times, what other days might work for folk. Sat and Sun do not appear to be sold out yet, and they have show times between 11:30 am and 10:30ish, I believe. Please discuss conmisotros!

Cheek pexxx, 
deevj




Who are Thrones, Alex?

Hallooooo again! We are once again reprising the role of hosts for the Game of Who? Please feel free to come over anytime after 7 for the usual hangout times. This time one of the snacks will be a large amount of edamame. I hope to see you all latron!




Time for the Climb

Lis and I once again cordially invite all interested parties to come over for the Game of Thrones and Doctor Who bonanza. As per usual, some snaxxx and dranxxx will be provided, but feel free to bring over things that make your mouth and tummy happy.

Also, for those of you that want to warm up your nerdy engines, you can watch 5 seconds of the Ender's Game movie here:

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=154169734761617&id=479372822091130&_rdr

It is literally a preview of the trailer that will be released tomorrow, introduced by Harrison Ford and the kid playing Ender.

Manlyways, I hope to see many of you tonacht!




Same Game time, same Who channel

Hello friends! We are hosting yet another double feature for any and all who wish to watch. Feel free to come over any time after 7. Viewing will most like start at 8:30, as Erock will be able to arrive by then. We're making pasta salad and I have a bunch of beers, but feel free to bring any snaxxx or dranxxx. Hopefully see many of you this evenan!




Doctor, of Thrones POSTPONED

Hey kitties that usually hang on Monday nights! Lis unfortunately has to work this evening, and my friends Scott and Arp are in town. So we can hang if you're around, but the usual double feature will hopefully happen tomorrow night! Not sure what the actual plan is yet, but please drop a line if you'd like to hang with wonderful people. 
Smooches!




Doctor Thrones, M.D.

To those of you who are interested, Lis and I would like to welcome you into our home to watch a dublafeatura of Doctor Who and Game of Thrones this eventime. Pleased to come over at 8ish or a little earlier if you'd like to hang!




Tomorrow night

For those interested, tomorrow (Tuesday [martes]) night Canary Square is having a Dogfish Head Tap Takeover.  7 of their taps will be Dogfish Head brews, including one type that even Erich had not yet tried.  Lis told me the list, but I didn't save it, cos I'm the worst.  Ears regardless, I hope to go for a coupla 'skis either RIGHT after work, or A FEW HOURS later on. I will also update with the list of beers ASAP. Sooooo, yeah, visit Lis and have tasty beers, if you're so inclined. 
 
I miss you all terribly, and hopefully will see you tonight,
deevj



Today's groupon is Bukhara!

GET IT!



Monday happenangs?

Hello,
 
I am writing in regards to your eventime plans.  I know y'allitude are busy folk.  You're adults, we get it.  However, there is an adult activity this evening known as "trivia," which we used to have a grand ol' time partaking in.  Would anyone be free and interested in this?  If so, pleased to be letting me know so that we can hang out and answer questions, some correctly and some incorrectly. 
 
Thanking you softly with his song,
deevj



It's so hard, to say goodbye, a ayer

HEY. EVERYBODY SHUT THE FUCK UP FOR ONE SECOND. 

Kate would like to address the congregation.

Kate, the floor is yours.



Triv triv tahneej?

I missed the train last week, but I was wondering if there would be a second expedition this eventime.  Takers, Shakers, Bakers, or Quakers?
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to super-awesome-fun-squad+unsubscribegooglegroups.com or reply to this email with the words "REMOVE ME" as the subject.



trivia?

I'm just gonna throw that out there, see how peeps is feewin'.



[Bologna] Trivia?

Anyone interested? I certainly would be.




[Bologna] Mis apologize

I forgot to say that is on Thursday night, May 3th, which technically becomes Friday morn (May 4th) at midnight.  I hope I didn't ruin e'erbody's day.

:'(

-DdL




[Bologna] Espeederman Tres

Howdy dooo,

Well, I know that most of y'allitude are coming off of a weekend chock full of talkies, but Jer, Rick, and I are planning on hitting up the midnight showing of Spiderman IIV, the IMAX EXPERIENCE.  It's in Natick, in the fabled land of Jordan's Furniture.  Tickets can be purchased through their site of webs.  I also know this is a weak knight, so most (possibly all) of you have to work.  It should be a good time, and I've only seen one IMAX movie, which I don't really remember.  So this ish best blow my mind.  Okadee, that's all from me.  

Don't forget: Ladies is pimps, too.

Smooches and douches,

DdL



